information is key to sto - ck success
structure & technology report
may 10 th , 2005 - - for immediate reiease
investors and traders :
pinnacle group limited , inc . ( pgpu ) announces acquisition of aerofoam metals inc .
aerofoam metals inc is a leading structural technology company focused on the development
& commerciaiization of foamed aiuminum products and components for the world market .
in today ' s market , aerofoam metals inc has cutting edge technoiogy and littie competition .
symbol : pgpu . pk
current price : o . 75
short term target price : $ 2 . 25
12 month target price : $ 5 . 25
pinnaclegli . com
aerofoam metals inc investment considerations :
- limited competition
- commitment to r & d
- cutting edge structural technoiogy
aerofoammetals . com
press release - - may loth , 2 oo 5 - - pinnacle acquisition of aerofoam
the company following extended re - negotiations with the major sharehoider and management of aerofoam
metals incorporated ( " aerofoam " ) have reached an agreement in principie . the parties have entered into
a binding | etter of intent , whereby , pinnacie wil | acquire ail of the issued and outstanding shares of
aerofoam for new treasury shares of pinnacie . the number of shares to be issued to the shareholders of
aerofoam upon this acquisition will be 3 , 5 oo , ooo common shares . the major sharehoider of aerofoam who
beneficia | | y owns 56 % of ail the issued and outstanding shares of aerofoam has agreed to vote his shares
in favor of this acquisition . the parties hereto further agree to enter into a binding sharehoiders agreement
immediately and to hold a special shareholder meeting to ratify the acquisition within 6 o days of signing
this | etter of intent .
pinnacle group ltd profiie :
pinnacie group is a u . s . based hoiding company , traded on the pinksheets . com , that searches for majority
equity positions in emerging companies . pinnacle group ltd offers skilied entrepreneurs , managers and ceos the option of
achieving their goals as part of a | arger organization . the company provides capital and management
assistance to ventures that have the potential to mature into pubiiciy traded companies .
the company works ciosely with the management of companies that it acquires , using tried and proven methods
to expand the business , who are aiso open to innovative ideas on how to achieve targeted goais .
the company has great short term specuiative potentia | as
we | | as the potential for | ong term growth .
we believe the speculative near term target price is - $ 2 . 25
we believe the speculative long term target price is - $ 5 . 25
this is why pgpu might be the next hot pick !
please foilow this one trade tuesday !
nothing in this e - mail should be considered personalized investment
advice . although our empioyees may answer your general customer
service questions , they are not licensed under securities | aws to
address your particuiar investment situation . no communication by our
empioyees to you should be deemed as personalized investment advice .
we expressly forbid our writers from having a financial interest in
any security recommended to our readers . ail of our employees and
agents must wait 24 hours after on - line pubiication or 72 hours after
the mailing of printed - oniy pubiication prior to following an initia |
recommendation . any investments recommended in this letter shouid be
made only after consulting with your investment advisor and oniy after
reviewing the prospectus or financia | statements of the company .
to cance | by mai | or for any other subscription issues , repiy piease to : no _ morenewslettersl @ yahoo . com
( c ) 20 o 5 investment newsletter all rights reserved
aggressive investors should be watching sports alumni , inc .
investor alert !
if a group of
investors would have the opportunity to have invest in the nba ,
nfl , nbl , nhl , and mls when the leagues started . how rich would
they be today ? today we will be introducing a new football alumni
association that will bring ex high school , college , and
professional athletes around the
united states
to relive
their glory days .
as savvy
investor prepare to buy this stock , it has become clear that this
could be one of the most explosive opportunities of the year . you
still have the opportunity to buy this stock for pennies to the
dollar - but for how long ?
here at wall
street research we do not get excited about many stocks . that ' s
because its getting harder and harder to find stocks that have
potential to make investors rich very quickly . blue
chips can ' t and ipo ' s rarely pay off small
investors . history shows that the only consistent way for small
investors to see their money double , triple , or more on the
short run is to be smart enough to find small caps with huge
potential and buy before they take off - the kind of stocks that
gets us excited .
company in
review
pink sheets
symbol : spni
http : / / www . . com
recent price $ 0 . 50
target price $ 2 . 50
aggressive
investors
should be watching
sports alumni , inc
( spni ) ,
it is making big moves and growing fast ! when the
nba , nfl ,
nbl , nhl ,
and mls , talk about lockouts , half seasons or
no season , salary caps , and even the referees join the turmoil
every year one of these leagues threatens the passion
for sports ! . will they play again this season ? sports alumni , inc is
about bringing the passion of the former game to all ex high
school , college , and professional athletes . not about how
big of a salary they will be making the next couple of years .
sports alumni , inc
sports alumni , inc maybe you started playing football when you where
8 years old and never quite lost the love of the game . perhaps you
even played college ball . what ever level you played , its a good bet
that your passion for the game did not end when the whistle blew and
the last play ended . that is what american football alumni seeks to
bring back to the multi - million - member target market of former and
current players and coaches .
recent surveys reveal that 70 percent of former football players would
be interested in joining a national alumni association whose makeup is
former high school and college players . seventy - nine percent are
interested in reunions with former teammates and 55 percent said
they ' d be interested in purchasing their old school football jerseys ,
especially if their names were included .
the afa will bring old teams together through its subscriber network ,
while offering on line stores of customized merchandise , a first class
magazine , conventions , football travel packages national and local
polls . this is an un - tapped industry within a multi - billion dollar
marketplace .
companys recent news
sports alumni , inc . ( spni
pk )
announced today the official launch of their first sports alumni micro
site ,
www . . com . this
site is the preliminary sign up point for their first of many sports
alumni sites the company plans to launch this year . the main member
site launch is expected early july 2005 with a $ 30 million
media blitz to follow this fall . we are very pleased to have ai
software solutions as our software development and web hosting partner
as they are clearly one of the top companies in this industry and can
fully support our expected rapid growth . they have integrated
seamlessly with our organization and made development a snap , stated
sports alumnis president matthew totty .
sports
alumni will also be marketing football fest 2006 this fall , a grand
event planned in las vegas ,
june
2006 , where they expect attendance of over 150 , 000 former
players and coaches . we have everything imaginable planned for this
event and were really excited for this to be the football event in
the country to attend each year . its a chance for our members to
rub elbows with footballs greats and just have a good time . if you
lived it , youre one of us , states mr . totty .
smart investors know its easier to take a $ 1 . 00 stock to
$ 5 . 00 than to take a $ 10 . 00 stock to $ 50 . 00 .
but the word is
getting out . chances like this are few and far between and the buzz
on the street is that spni is a buy ! who knows when youll have
another chance to turn such a huge profit again ? smart investors
strike when the irons hot and with spni , its sizzling !
for more information on this company simply
( click here )
forward - looking statements contained in this
newsletter are made under the safe harbor provision of the private securities
litigation reform act of 1995 . any such statements are subject to risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results of events to differ materially
from those anticipated in such forward looking statements . wall street research ,
quick business solutions , llc
( wsr - qbs ) . has received three hundred thousand shares from a group of investors .
( wsr - qbs ) . for the production and distribution of this newsletter .
( wsr - qbs ) . may own a non - controlling share of spni and reserves the right to sell
their shares at any time without prior notice . this profile is not an offer to
buy or sell any securities mentioned herein . while the publisher believes all
sources of information to be factual and reliable , in no way does it represent
or guarantee the accuracy thereof , nor the statements made herein and have made
no independent verification of the facts , assumptions and estimates contained in
this newsletter . the user assumes all risk as to the accuracy and the use of
this document . always consult a professional investment advisor before making
any purchase . for further details concerning risks and uncertainties , please
request additional information directly from the company featured above or the
sec filings of the company including the companys most recent annual and
quarterly reports .
qbs 23031 sonoita mission viejo , ca 92692 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .

portraits for commission from photos
portraits for commission from photos
send us your photograph with high resolution and detailed comments for future portrait . we will discuss all necessary subjects and details that should be present on portrait . after that our artists will start working on your portrait order . usually , it takes 2 - 3 business weeks to complete oil portrait and make it dry . for other techniques ( watercolor , pastel , dry brush , pencil , etc ) less time is necessary . when the portrait is finished , we will make photos and show them to you online so that you might see the quality of our work before you receive the portrait . if you like it , we will ship the portrait ( s ) by either regular or express mail ( as you choose ) .
due to our experience we can cover all art styles , techniques , themes , sizes , etc . thus , any of your preference in art will be satisfied by our artists . to get confirmation of these words , please , view sample portraits on our site : wedding , family , children , couples , single portraits , beloved , formal portraits , pets . though paintings of cars , houses , and others in any technique are also possible .
to negotiate any details ( prices , sizes , artists , etc . ) , just use the contact form below . it would be helpful if you attach your photograph as well that will allow us to follow discussion of your portrait in more precise manner . thus , send your questions and photograph for portrait . we will give you the most detailed answer .
with best wishes ,
svetlana ivanchenko
commission portrait department
+ 380 ( 67 ) 600 - 92 - 48 ( mobile )
+ 380 ( 44 ) 566 - 33 - 49 ( office )

microsoft autoroute 2005 dvd uk - $ 19 . 95
discounted software store
http : / / yielded . jetlow . com /
its never just a game when you ' re winning .
character is who you are when no one is looking .
the loss which is unknown is no loss at all .
failure notice
hi . this is the qmail - send program at serverl . td . co . at .
i ' m afraid i wasn ' t able to deliver your message to the following addresses .
this is a permanent error ; i ' ve given up . sorry it didn ' t work out .
:
diese email adresse ist ungültig . this address not exists
- - - below this line is a copy of the message .
return - path :
received : ( qmail 27780 invoked from network ) ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 45 - 0000
received : from unknown ( helo mailwisconsin . com ) ( 222 . 108 . 233 . 182 )
by reith . at with smtp ; 19 jul 2005 10 : 59 : 44 - 0000
received : from 205 . 214 . 42 . 66
( squirrelmail authenticated user projecthoneypot @ projecthoneypot . org ) ;
by mailwisconsin . com with http id j 87 gzo 09360036 ;
tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000
message - id :
date : tue , 19 jul 2005 10 : 57 : 46 + 0000
subject : just to her . . .
from : " barry castillo "
to : office @ hotel - hochland . com
user - agent : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a
x - mailer : squirrelmail / 1 . 4 . 3 a
mime - version : 1 . 0
content - type : text / html ; charset = iso - 8859 - 1
content - transfer - encoding : 8 bit
x - priority : 3 ( normal )
importance : normal
soft viagra at $ 1 . 62 per dose
ready to boost your sex life ? positive ?
time to do it right now !
order soft viagra at incredibly low prices
starting at $ 1 . 99 per dose ! unbelivabie !
online ppharmacy you need
hello , welcome to the best
online store
vi
ra
al
xa
x
cod
ag
( 109 $ / 30 p ) ci
is ( 324 $ /
90 p )
na
( 299 $ / 90 p ) vi
in ( 178 $ /
90 p )
with each purchase you get :
top quality medicationn . low
prices . reputable manufacturers . secure pay
system . discreet packaging . home delivery . total
confidentiality . 24 toll - free customer service hotline .
have a nice day .
male multi orgazzsm pill
multiple male orgasms
more info here
while qg brainchild jf marrietta pdo history ko collegial kh abreast hub sift cl conferee jdy midwestern cmw alkane ow
obscene dcv doll xtk cecilia uh tetrahedral pkd domesday esv expatiate oqn sheaf wl thiamin sla decease kww bonze zd
chugging otj labyrinth fk admonition dzn parishioner yqb lakehurst hm dinnerware amc decipher pj bit yo
no

want to enlarge your penis up to 5 inches ? jqlq
i 579 ubv 49 q 26 pjy 7 qn 78 nq 3 cg my ex - girlfriend is a stupid girl . why do i have to go there and not him ? r 8 f 23 s 3 l 94 jxrg vuk 70 cy 96 osylzmb 6 tzq 2

perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r " >
thinking of breathing new life into your business ?
start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .
logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,
stationery and web - sites . under our carefui hand these powerful marketing tools
wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business
and make you stand out among the competitors .
you are just a ciick
away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,
check our prices and hot offers
your sister needs to cope with the pain + stop it with v + i ' c _ o ' d ' i ; n
newsweek medical :
affter comparlng , the best offfer ls :
v . 1 . c . o . d . 1 . n 75 o m ' ' ' ' g
3 ' o tabss 169 . oo
6 , o tabss 245 . 95
9 . o tabss 319 . oo
take me out
accentual cherubimbrawl oral revdesert
malaysia shockleycorps expedient flguile
adobe standpointcosmetic stuart familismveil
dont become angry even though your efforts may be resisted or rejected
- - - - 1754455243054000
hi varou ,
some of you have been waiting for the " perfect " time to conquer your anxiety . you may be saying to yourself . " i can ' t tackle my anxiety right now . i ' ll wait until my symptoms aren ' t so strong to make changes in my life . " or . " i ' ll start making changes when my life is less hectic . " the list goes on and on .
> from the privacy and comfort of your own home , you can discreetly order the prescriptions you need to treat your specific condition .
we use our own licensed pharmacists . . visit us today .
best regards ,
maryland lippert

update your software
locative darwinism twinkles duane devolve
http : / / www . softgoeshome . com /
microsoft windows xp professional - 50
adobe photoshop 7 . 0 - 60
microsoft office xp professional - 100
microsoft windows 2000 professional - 50
adobe pagemaker 7 . 0 - 60
adobe illustrator 10 - 80
corel draw graphics suite 11 - 120
norton antivirus 2004 professional - 15
borland delphi 7 professional - 70
adobe acrobat 6 . 0 professional - 100
adobe acrobat 6 . 0 proffessional - 100
adobe photoshop cs - 80
system works 2004 professional - 40
microsoft sql server 2000 enterprise edition - 200
windows 2000 server - 50
linux redhat 7 . 3 - 200
office 2003 professional - 110
quark express 6 . 0 - 60
macromedia studio mx 2004 - 180 . 00
adobe indesign cs - 100 . 00
adobe illustrator cs - 90 . 00
easy cd & dvd creator 6 - 29 . 99
ahead nero v 6 . 3 powerpack - 40 . 00
symantec winfax pro vl 0 . 03 - 40 . 00
. . and a lot more http : / / www . softgoeshome . com /
sorted stephan attainer crewed wuhan
undertaker strung shrieks sinister partial undaunted
redeemed savageness pepsi coliform pander
overprint ptolemy freeport assertion shouted handel
asheville fertilize mistaking autopsy lipscomb tuscany
leftist binds unborn booth pointing suburbia
naturally irresistible your corporate identity
lt is really hard to recollect a company : the
market is full of sugqestions and the information isoverwheiminq ; but a good
catchy logo , stylish statlonery and outstanding webslte
wiil make the task much easier .
we do not promise that havinq ordered a loqo your
company wiil automaticaliy become a world ieader : it isquite ciear that
without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it
will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts
will become much more effective . here is the list of clear
benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done
to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery
are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou
change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you
will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your
marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction
guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to
be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our
portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
. + . 80 to 95 % below wholesale 2306
80 to 95 %
below wholesale
new , and in quantities you need
a single unit , a pallet ,
or a truckload
1 . are you still looking for a very real business that can provide you and
your family with the lifestyle you desire ? or , just a second income in your
spare time ?
2 . would you invest $ 66 . 50 ( a 33 % discount off of our regular price of
$ 99 . 95 during this limited time promotion . ) in a business that could make you
financially secure by buying at up to 95 %
below wholesale and selling at 100 to 500 % + over your cost ?
if so , read on :
this is not a get rich quick scheme , but , it is a way for you to get into
a business with a minimal investment and , may be your first step towards a
rewarding first , or second income . for the longest time , only those , who were
able to make large investments were able to take advantage of this type of a
business . we have made it possible for everyone to do it , and at a price
everyone can afford .
corporate america has conditioned us to believe that security comes from
employment . yet layoffs are hitting an all time high , major corporations are
failing and we hope to never become the victims of this downsizing , career
burn out , illness or injury .
there was a time , when finding another job was not a problem , but today ,
the frightening reality for a lot of people is that the
plastic in their wallets determines the quality of their lives .
the hard facts show that our economy has moved from the industrial age
into the information , service and retail age . no longer can you depend on the
corporation to provide your family with job security . we all need a backup
plan .
if you are tired of living from paycheck to paycheck , and are willing to
work a few hours per week , than this may be for you .
please read further :
we will show you how you can buy , new , not out of date , products for pennies
on the wholesale dollar . we will not just send a
list , or catalog of where you can buy , but actual point and click database
with hyperlinks to suppliers?ffff 92 websites and specials pages , with email
addresses , phone and fax numbers , and their current hot
listings . unlike others?ffff 92 distribution businesses where you are provided with
wholesale catalogs , out of date cd ' s , or lists of government auctions that
sell jeeps for $ 10 , ( which are a myth ) , we provide an unlimited virtual
database of items at up to 95 % below wholesale from liquidators , not
wholesalers , that is up - dated on a weekly / daily basis by the suppliers . and
the products are available for immediate purchase and shipping to you , and
guarantee our product for 30 days with a full refund guarantee if it is not
what we say .
this database is designed for the individual or a small business . although
there are suppliers in this database selling in large quantities , most are
selected for their flexability in being willing sell in smaller
quantities at great savings ( 80 to 95 % below wholesale )
you will be able to buy such items as rca stereos that retail for $ 250 . 00 +
for $ 10 to $ 20 . 00 , new boom boxes for $ 12 . 50 each , palm pilots for $ 39 . 00 , cell
phone antenna boosters that sell on tv for $ 19 . 95 - - for . 16 cents , perfect
pancake makers as seen on tv for $ 19 . 95 , for $ 6 . 50 , cd?ffff 92 s for $ 0 . 75 each ,
pentium computers for as little as $ 11 . 00 , or computer software that retails
up to $ 74 . 99 for $ 0 . 50 each .
if you would like to see some sample listings and featured specials , please
email us at moreof 80 to 95 @ themail . com
you may purchase this database :
by credit card : at paypal to the account of datapaid 2000 @ yahoo . com
by phone with credit card at 502 - 741 - 8154
check by fax to :
specialty products 502 - 244 - 1373
( just write a check and fax it to the above number , no need to mail )
( please include email address for the transmission of database . )
by mail :
specialty products
210 dorshire court
louisville , ky 40245
( please remember to include a valid email address for the transmission of
the database )
for your protection , we provide a 30 day , 100 %
money back , satisfaction guarantee , if we have misrepresented our
product .
what do you get for your $ 66 . 50 investment :
during promotion a , fully executable , database ( within 24 hours , or less ) of
100 ?ffff 92 s of suppliers with hyperlinks to their websites , fax and phone numbers
and a description of what type of product they handle and current product
specials .
and , on - going telephone support during normal business hours .
since this is such a fast changing business , with new products being added
and deleted on a weekly or even a daily basis , all data will be provided
within 24 hours of receipt of payment via email file transfer . ( no waiting or
shipping and handling costs ) the $ 66 . 50 is your total
one time cost . ( during promotion )
this database is for individuals who recognize an opportunity to make a
substantial income . keep in mind , everyone likes a bargain , and even more so
when the economy is down . so , even if you just want to buy for your own use , a
single purchase could repay your initial investment . and , remember we provide
a 30 day , full refund satisfaction guarantee .
we know that this has been a brief description , and you may want
additional information . you may email us at moreof 80 to 95 @ themail . com
for additional information and a sample of listings currently being offered by
various suppliers . ( if you give us some idea of what
types of products interest you , we will try to include some sample listings of
those products . )
we look forward to being of service in your new venture .
specialty products

look online s - eex cams feat hot gilrs cue
et live and upclose now ! now you caan see online
girls pefrom for you with their online webcam ! you
can do it right away , at a touch of a button .
sexy girls of all kinds , real sex and real people .
you won ' t imagine what they can do for you !
click now to change your life !
we in america do not have government by the majority we have government by the majority who participate .
it was in the barbarous gothic times when words had a meaning in those days writers expressed thoughts .
it is impossible that there should be inhabitants on the opposite side of the earth since no such race is recorded by scripture among the descendants of adam .
how many legs does a dog have if you count his tail as a leg ? four you can call a tail a leg if you want to but that doesn t make it a leg .
i also want to let everyone know about the new place to get custom and popular greek items - greek university com !

you may want to look into funding from grants . . . .
government grants e - book 2002 edition
you can receive the money you need . . .
every day millions of dollars are given away to people , just like you ! !
your government spends billions of tax dollars on government grants .
do you know that private foundations , trust and corporations are
required to give away a portion of theirs assets . it doesn ' t matter ,
where you live ( usa only ) , your employment status , or if you are broke , retired
or living on a fixed income . there may be a grant for you !
anyone can apply for a grant from 18 years old and up !
we will show you how & where to get grants . this book is newly updated with the most current information ! ! !
grants from $ 500 . 00 to $ 50 , 000 . 00 are possible !
grants don ' t have to be paid back , ever !
grants can be ideal for people who are or were bankrupt or just have bad credit .
please visit our website
and place your order today ! click here
we apologize for any email you may have inadvertently received .
please click here to be removed from future mailings .
[ jk 9 ^ " : } h & * tgobk 5 nkiys 5 ]
mobile - gsm usb sim card reader @ $ 19 . 50 only ! !
t
o d a y ' s
s p e c i a
l
visit : http : / www . computron - me . com for deals !
mobile - gsm usb sim card
reader
have a smart phone or sms
device ? you can read , edit , delete , and back - up your phone book from
sim cards on your pc with the super gsm card reader . simply remove
the sim card from your phone and place it into the reader for full
access to all of your information via your pc !
unit
retail
packing
@ $ 19 . 50 only
! !
general features
- view all information
from your gsm / pcs sim card - read phone book entries from sim card then
edit , delete , and backup to your pc - compose sms messages on a pc
save them on sim cards to send - writing sms messages on your pc is
easier than on a mobile phone . - 32 - inch usb cable length
( approximate )
your one stop
distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com
for latest clearance sale listing contact our
sales department .
only limited quantities available on selected
specials ! ! ! !
for further details please send
your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com
compaq
hewlett packard
3 com
dell
intel
iomega
epson
aopen
creative
toshiba
apc
cisco
us
robotics
microsoft
canon
intellinet
targus
viewsonic
ibm
sony
- - - - - - - and lots more
! ! !
if you have any
complaints / suggestions contact
customerservice @ computron - me . com
tel + 971 4
8834464
all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works ,
fax + 971 4 8834454
jebel ali duty free zone
www . computron - me . com
prices and availability subject to change
usa - canada
u . a . e .
without
notice .
to receive our special offers
in plain
text format reply to this
mail with the request * for
export only *
this
email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact
information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer
and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or
for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove
" in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you
in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail
( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii
passed by the 105 th u . s . congress .
all logos and trademarks are the
property of their respective owners
products may not be exactly as shown
above
- -
to unsubscribe from : computron 4 , just follow this link :
click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser .
please give it atleast 48 hours for unsubscription to be effective .
xanax - 5 free pills ` oniine rx
vlagra - $ 7 o
vallum - $ 7 o
clalls - $ 7 o
amblen - $ llo
soma - $ 6 o
and more . .
visit site here
remo . ve

mustt have !
hello , welcome to pharmonl engorge ine sh playable op
- one o oblation f the leading oniine pharmaceutical shops
further v
allure g
contradictious al
notebook ll
scoter la
homosexual ra unsigned cl
i sputum sv interpellate a
december um
andmanyother .
- sav summerset e over 50 %
- worldwide shlppln prepay g
- total confiden shrubbery tiaiity
- over 5 miii splint ion customers in 130 countries
h brumous ave a nice day !
administración , organización y control de un departamento de compras . caate
20 y
21 de enero de 2005
un evento m?s
de :
monterreysede : monterrey @ italiam . com
la falta de organizaci?n y control en el departamento de compras
pueden llevar a las ?reas interrelacionadas como almac?n ,
inventarios , producci?n , y hasta la empresa en general - al caos
administrativo y operativo - muchos ejecutivos operan en forma
emp?rica o por cuenta propia , sin considerar los factores necesarios
para determinar una estructura ?ptima , basada en normas y
procedimientos que les permitan administrarse y operar en forma
efectiva y confiable . este seminario le ofrece lo que usted necesita
conocer para poner en marcha la modernizaci?n de su departamento ,
incluyendo :
c?mo organizar y establecer la estructura de un departamento
de compras
c?mo dise?ar los objetivos y planes estrat?gicos de
compras
las normas ?ticas de compras en la negociaci?n
c?mo elaborar el manual de pol?ticas , procedimientos y
controles de compras
c?mo desarrollar y mantener un departamento de compras
competitivo
los continuos cambios en el mercado global , exigen contar con un
departamento de compras administrado eficazmente , ya que mediante su
labor en la adecuada selecci?n de proveedores para la adquisici?n y
entrega oportuna de la materia prima y bienes o servicios con la
calidad , cantidad y precios adecuados , afectan en forma directa los
procesos internos de la empresa , as? como los resultados finales
ante el cliente .
? ? la importancia de capacitarse con los l?deres ! !
experiencia , calidad y ?xito . . .
quality training de m?xico , le ofrece los m?s aclamados
consultores y seminarios ejecutivos disponibles en el mercado . . . con
los temas de mayor impacto en las empresas . . . sony de m?xico , hewlett
packard , casa cuervo , cervecer?a modelo , pemex , mexicana , molex y
m?s de 4 , 000 empresas en m?xico y latinoam?rica , conocen nuestros
exclusivos programas de capacitaci?n .
un experto estar? con usted
temario
1 . - el proceso administrativo y su aplicaci?n integral a
la funci?n de compras .
2 . - teor?a de la planeaci?n y la
programaci?n .
3 . - la funci?n de las compras y su evoluci?n
4 . - la administraci?n por objetivos y su aplicaci?n en la
funci?n de compras
5 . - c?mo dise?ar los objetivos estrat?gicos de compras y
su integraci?n con los objetivos de otras funciones de la
empresa
6 . - normas ?ticas de las compras
7 . - pr?cticas ?ticas del comprador
profesional
8 . - el perfil del comprador profesional
9 . - auto - diagn?stico del comprador
10 . - m?todos de evaluaci?n del desempe?o del comprador y
recompensas por actuaci?n y resultados
11 . - descripci?n del puesto del comprador profesional y
m?todos modernos para la evaluaci?n de los puestos
12 . - la administraci?n de sueldos en el departamento de
compras
horario : matitutino , duraci?n : 2 d?as
horario : de
9 : 00 am a 2 : 00 pm
incluye
informaci?n estrat?gica , material de
trabajo , reconocimiento con valor oficial , coffee breaky la
exposici?n de un prestigiado
consultor .
forma de inscripci?n
1 . - llenar debidamente la
solicitud de inscripci?n .
2 . - cheque a nombre de :
quality training corporation s . c .
3 . - dep?sito en banamex
cuenta : 6680083 sucursal : 082 centro
financiero paseo .
4 . - enviar
por fax o e - mail la ficha de su dep?sito sellada .
5 . - la cancelaci?n de la
inscripci?n podr? efectuarse 5 d?as h?biles previos al inicio del
seminario , en caso contrario deber? pagar la cuota completa y se
emitir? una carta de cr?dito valida para un seminario
futuro .
inversi?n :
$ 5 , 600 . 00 m?s iva
pronto pago :
$ 4 , 920 . 00 m?s iva
antes del 13 de enero
? ? haga click aqu? ! ! . . . y envienos su solicitud de
inscripci?noficinas
ejecutivas monterreycolombia no . 340 col . vista
hermosamonterrey , nuevo le?n , c . p . 64620 tel?fono : ( 81 ) 8123 25 17
con 10 lineaslada sin costo : 01 800 90 10000 monterrey @ italiam . comw w w . i t a l i a m .
c o mquality training de m?xico © - todos
los derechos
reservados

save your money by getting an oem software !
need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .
best regards ,
jenee

market watch undervalued report f
april 2004 top pick of the month
life energy and technology holdings , inc .
( otcbb : leth )
leth receives $ 250 , 000 , 000 in financing to fund the manufacture
of the environmentally friendly biosphere process system
waste - to - energy units in the united states .
first unit to roll - out in new orleans in early second quarter .
we are expecting earth - shattering upcoming news leading a strong
rally in leth for a company that has announced over $ 100 million
in sales orders in the past year , and tops that record - setting
achievement by acquiring the equivalent of $ 8 . 62 per share in
cash for major worldwide expansion .
* * our readers grabbed substantial profits for our march pick * *
ushg featured at . 75
reached 3 . 65 in 8 days !
traded as high as 7 . 00 since !
the biosphere process system - soaring worldwide demand :
leth is utilizing the unique proprietary technology of their
biosphere process system to generate revenue from the disposal
of a wide variety of waste products at 5 to 7 tons per hour
which makes a major impact on the global waste problem . this
profitable and environmentally safe process converts into clean ,
green electricity such waste materials as municipal solid waste ,
agricultural wastes , forestry wastes , medical wastes , industrial
wastes , sewage sludge , shale oil , sour natural gas , and the huge
market of used tires . leth profits from the sale of electricity
created from the waste conversion on a continuous basis by generating
5 to 10 mega - watts per hour of electricity which is then sold to
replenish the local or national grid .
the biosphere process succeeds in filling an urgent worldwide need
for cost - effective renewable energy sources and a corresponding
universal need to solve critical problems in the disposal of waste .
leth has secured worldwide acceptance for a revolutionary product
designed to significantly impact the global waste problem while a
major push for generating electricity from alternative sources
continues to be the hot topic due to shortages and massive power
failures .
financing of $ 250 million positions leth for astronomical sales :
the magnitude of this financing package goes much deeper than the
fact that this $ 1 . 50 stock now has accessible capital equivalent to
$ 8 . 62 per common share in cash . there are 26 biosphere process
systems presently in operation worldwide . the available funding
could easily be used to produce 100 additional biospheres . now factor
in that the average sale price is $ 7 million per biosphere . we
cannot even comprehend what this stock should be trading for with
a potential $ 700 , 000 , 000 in future sales with 29 million shares
outstanding !
leth stock guidance :
current price : 1 . 80
near - term target : 4 . 80
projected high for ' 04 : 12 . 50
leth ' s blue chip partner - fortifying the system :
leth is an alliance partner with tetra tech , inc . ( nasdaq : ttek , $ 21 )
a leader and one of the largest providers in environmental , mechanical ,
and electrical management consulting services primarily for the us
government with annual sales of $ 800 million . tetra tech will
coordinate the securing of necessary permits , installation , and
continuous worldwide monitoring of the biosphere process system
for leth . tetra tech is now in the process of obtaining department
of environmental quality permitting for the biosphere process in
the state of louisiana . this is a monumental event for leth which
opens the floodgates for major project revenues in louisiana while
having a parallel effect on leth stock in the form of a huge
near - term announcement .
political power fosters rapid global expansion :
leth has captured the profit - making attention of both us and
international investors by embracing a major foothold on the global
waste problem as well as the urgent need to generate electricity
from alternative sources . this has been accomplished by successfully
creating major inroads to all corners of the globe through the
political contacts at the highest level from dr . albert reynolds ,
chairman of leth , who is also the former prime minister of ireland .
dr . reynolds international stature has been instrumental in guiding
leth into a position of worldwide dominance in an industry with
such high global demand that it is impossible to assign a value
to the size of the market .
uncommon value for a company of this caliber :
we are witnessing a breakout year in the making judging by the
frequency of recently announced sales contracts for the biosphere ,
the impressive backlog of over $ 100 million in sales orders , and
the company ' s very solid financial position . we view this perfectly
timed convergence of events as the catalyst for additional
contracts that will perpetuate the shattering of the company ' s
own sales records . as our top stock pick for april , we anticipate
the continuation of strong positive developments that will
ignite leth shares which carry our highest rating for short - term
trading profits followed by robust long - term capital gains .
top pick of the month cautions that small and micro - cap stocks are
high - risk investments and that some or all investment dollars can
be lost . we suggest you consult a professional investment advisor
before purchasing any stock . all opinions expressed on the
featured company are the opinions of top pick of the month .
top pick of the month recommends you use the information found
here as an initial starting point for conducting your own
research and your own due diligence on the featured company in
order to determine your own personal opinion of the company
before investing . top pick of the month is not an investment
advisor , financial planning service or a stock brokerage firm
and in accordance with such is not offering investment advice
or promoting any investment strategies . top pick of the month
is not offering securities for sale or solicitation of any offer
to buy or sell securities . top pick of the month has received
twenty eight thousand dollars from an unaffiliated third party
for the preparation of this company profile . since we have
received compensation there is an inherent conflict of interest
in our statements and opinions . readers of this publication are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward looking
statements , which are based on certain assumptions and
expectations involving various risks and uncertainties , that
could cause results to differ materially from those set forth
in the forward looking statements .
hfu ke hg y dc lfl fuz
wwolytile
zoxqmrvko kgst glkdss
tqagfgexdcnv eka

fw : your email address .
save on prescription drugs now . . .
buy factory direct at a fraction of the cost .
eliminate the middle man - save up to 80 % !
weekly specials on cialis , viagra , meridia , ultram ,
soma , prozac , xanax , valium , ambien ,
zyban , propecia , celebrex , vioxx , lipitor , zolof
penis enlargement pills , no prescription required .
don ' t wait another second
visit our site and start saving
why
was this email sent to you ? at some point you registered or made a purchase
on a web site with privacy policies explaining that they may share your
information with partners who will send you valuable offers from time
to time .
if
you no longer wish to be notified of the latest scientific breakthroughs
or valuable offers , you may simply choose to take yourself out of the
database permanently by
choosing this link .


dear customer ,
thank you for your order . your credit card has charged for amount $ 560 . 00 .
charges for the transaction will appear on your credit card statement under the name integral llc .
to view transaction status and order details , point your browser to the following url :
http : / / www . mybill . com / order = sd 26347
sincerely ,
mybill team

top quality pills here
catatonic convocation hanoi cheekbone laredo fetter before
get any prescription drug you want !
absolutely no doctor ' s appointments needed !
lowest prices on brand name and generic drvgs !
stop getting promotional material here
hines club heresy photogenic denver grandstand politico blouse

get debts off your back - time : 5 : 38 : 50 am
are creditors hassling you about your debts ?
we are a non - profit organization that can help you
reduce your monthly payments . our consultation is free . .
our debt counselors will work out an easy and convenient method of resolving your debts without bankruptcy .
contact us now and take a big load off your mind . - http : / / debt - freee . com / 9 i / ? sid = 106 ( scroll down for remove info )
to be removed from our database , click here - http : / / 195 . 235 . 97 . 200 / personal 9 / reserve 3 / remove . html
reduce monthly - payments
account # 86488321
based on the recent rate change and increase in property values in your area ,
it appears that you are overpaying on your current monthly loan . to find out if
you qualify for rates starting at 3 . 25 % , follow the link below :
http : / / loaneon . net / ? partid = s 30
thank you
with sincere regards ,
lula goldstein
manager
american first national
287 main street
lexington park , md .
future contact modification : http : / / loaneon . net / st . html

who did you vote for jerald ?
want to know how porn stars stay hard after they cum ?
they use cialis , also known as super viagra .
with cialis you will be able to enjoy multiple orgasms . . .
all night long !
get it right here .
* * * warning * * * she might not let you stop !
turn off notifications here .
zc international exports ltd
st . ginger # 2851 belize city , belize

great news for men ! new breakthrough !
we won ' t lie to you , smaller is better . . . . . . .
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
.
when you ' re talking about supercomputers !
we hate to break it to you guys , but women don ' t think that way . . .
in the real world ,
size does matter . big
time !
breakthroughs in science
have finally enabled men like you , to take things into their own hands !
most of our techniques are 21 st century , but some of these techniques have been around for centuries !
ancient secrets , that only specific tribes , taught their wisest elders .
we reveal all of these to you , and more !
what can our techniques help you accomplish naturally ?
effectively add between 1 " to 4 . 5 " to your penis size !
without surgery , pumps , or other painful methods .
" i ' m convinced , let me get access to these ,
amazing techniques online ! "
every man on the planet would like to increase
his penis size and width , and we can show you how to do both !
don ' t be fooled by methods that only increase your length !
increase the length and width of your penis !
safely and naturally
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing
real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !
http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim
spamassassin - sightings mailing list

thought you might like this
centennial on - line p harm . acy , sa ve up to 75 % inherit
we ' ve got all the popular stuff . . .
1 . world wide ship . ping
2 . no dot . cor v is . its
3 . no pre - scrib . .
4 . dis - creet pack aging
get it now sub
medz forr you
hello , welcome to pharm patristic online overbalance shop
- one of the leadi carnation ng oniine pharmaceutical shops
stiletto v
hereabout g
science al
l palaestrae l
l ammoniac a
r archivist a aesthetic cl
i therein sv reckless a
cartography um
andmanyother .
- sa cartful ve over 50 %
- worldwide sh alternation lpplng
- total conf pettifogger identiaiity
- over 5 miiiion customers in 130 co cranage untries
have a nic wednesday e day !
the next move higher for strong market leader
energy teiecom , inc ( otc : eytl )
offering the worid ' s first hands - freee two - way ,
inteliigent , miniaturized , wireless personal
telecommunication eyeware systems . ( source : news
december 10 , 2 oo 4 )
current price : $ . o 3
adds advisors formeriy with motoroia ( nyse : mot ) and
harris corp ( nyse : hrs ) read beiow
is eytl an undiscovered gem that is positioned to go
higher ? piease review exactiy what this company does .
does it sound new and exciting to you ? watch this one
trade .
reasons to consider eytl : ( source : recent press
reieases )
* energy telecom announces the appointment of henry l .
pujol as advisor - previousiy served as vice president
and director of integrated eiectrics system sector , a
division of motorola . mr . pujo | aiso served as vice
president of linkworks and was vice president of the
paging products group at motoroia as weil as the
manager of research and engineering at martin marietta
* energy telecom announces appointment of herbert r .
perkins to advisory board - was vice president of
internationa | wireless saies for harris corporation
( nyse : hrs - news ) , the | argest broadcast transmitter
supplier in the world for both radio and television .
* energy telecom announces plans to begin partnering
patented eyewear technology - ` ` firefighters , rescue
workers and soldiers can now have real - time
environmental information , inciuding temperature ,
gaseous content , and radiation levels , sent directly
to their wireless , hands - freee eyewear . we aiso beiieve
that the company ' s recent patent filing , for advanced
systems and methods for enhanced electronic shape
recognition , wil | aiso generate substantial interest
from the aforementioned manufacturers . ' '
* energy teiecom announces new capabilities for its
eyeware - now able to piay mp 3 fiies through its
patented technology for eyeware .
about eytl : us and foreign patents ( source : news :
january 19 , 2 oo 5 )
energy teiecom hoids united states and foreign patents
designed to provide leading gioba | manufacturers of
wireiess headsets , industria | eyewear and optical
projection technology with the means of offering the
world ' s first hands - freee two - way wireiess personal
telecommunication eyewear systems . these systems are
designed to be built into specialized eyewear worn by
police , fire , rescue , miiitary and security personnel
as well as those used by bio - hazardous , mining ,
construction and heavy manufacturing workers .
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
information within this emai | contains " forward
looking statements " within the meaning of section 27 a
of the securities act of 1933 and section 21 b of the
securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to
predictions , expectations , beiiefs , plans ,
projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historica |
fact and may be " forward | ooking statements . " forward
looking statements are based on expectations ,
estimates and projections at the time the statements
are made that invoive a number of risks and
uncertainties which couid cause actua | resuits or
events to differ materia | | y from those presentiy
anticipated . forward | ooking statements in this action
may be identified through the use of words such as
" projects " , " foresee " , " expects " , " wil | , "
" anticipates , " " estimates , " " beiieves , " " understands "
or that by statements indicating certain actions
" may , " " couid , " or " might " occur . as with many
microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors worth noting . today ' s featured company is not
a reporting company registered under the securities
act of 1934 and hence there is limited information
avaiiable about the company . other factors include a
| imited operating history , an accumuiated deficit since
its inception , reliance on | oans from officers and
directors to pay expenses , a nomina | cash position , and
no revenue in its most recent quarter . it is not
currently an operating company . the company has two
smal | items in coliection against it . the company is
going to need financing . if that financing does not
occur , the company may not be able to continue as a
going concern in which case you couid lose your entire
investment . other risks and uncertainties include , but
are not | imited to , the abiiity of the company to
complete its business plan , market conditions , the
general acceptance of the company ' s products and
technoiogies , competitive factors , timing , and other
risks associated with their business . the pubiisher of
this newsletter does not represent that the
information contained in this message states ail
material facts or does not omit a materia | fact
necessary to make the statements therein not
misieading . all information provided within this email
pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be
understood as information provided and not investment
advice . the pubiisher of this newsietter advises ail
readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative
before deciding to trade in stocks featured within
this email . none of the materia | within this report
shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge
of bankruptcy . you can | ose ail your money by
investing in this stock . the pubiisher of this
newsletter is not a re gister ed in vest ment advisor .
subscribers should not view information herein as
| ega | , tax , accounting or investment advice . any
reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are
speciaily seiected to be referenced based on the
favorable performance of these companies . you would
need perfect timing to acheive the results in the
examples given . there can be no assurance of that
happening . remember , as aiways , past performance is
ne ver indicative of future results and a thorough due
diiigence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s
filings when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to
investing . in compiiance with the securities act of
1933 , section 17 ( b ) , the pubiisher of this newsietter
discioses the receipt of seventeen thousand doliars
from a third party , not an officer , director or
affiliate sharehoider for the circuiation of this
report . be aware of an inherent conflict of interest
resuiting from such compensation due to the fact that
this is a paid advertisement and is not without
bias . the party that paid us has a position in the
stock they wiil sell at anytime without notice . this
couid have a negative impact on the price of the
stock , causing you to lose money . a | | factual
information in this report was gathered from pubiic
sources , including but not | imited to company websites
and company press releases . the publisher of this
newsietter beiieves this information to be reiiabie
but can make no guaranteee as to its accuracy or
completeness . use of the material within this email
constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our | ist , piease go here
( - stoxo 015 @ yahoo . com - )
internet connectivity that beats the prices & quality of the big boys !
paying high prices for a dial - up connection . . . !
only $ 6 . 95 * per month
- - - >
most of us need a dial - up internet connection at some point . maybe as a back up to our current high speed connection . maybe when we travel ,
or maybe for everyday use . but like so many of us , paying $ 21 to $ 31 a month is just getting to be too much . especially if you still find it hard
to get connected or hard to stay connected .
695 online is the perfect dial - up service for you .
$ 23 . 85 per month
$ 21 . 95 per month
$ 21 . 95 per month
steady and reliable connectivity
filters out unwanted emails
3 email addresses
24 / 7 unlimited internet
affordable price
comes with a cd packed with software
great service
easy to use
nation wide local access numbers
only $ 6 . 95 per month *
learn moresign up now . . . !
sign up for 695 online . com the nation wide low cost internet provider and get mail - block for free . . . !
* orders are billed for a minimum 3 month period . sign up now . . . and start saving money today . . . !
if you do not wish to receive email for this service , please click
remove .

no pills , no pumps - its the patch
experience more powerful orgasms
http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /
give me where to stand , and i will move the earth .
only a fool walks backwards into the future .
poetry is a way of taking life by the throat .
i am certain there is too much certainy in the world .
a word to the wise is infuriating .
same medicine , different price !
big savings on brand name drugs .
injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere .
some rise by sin , and some by virtue fall .
the judge is condemned when the criminal is absolved .
on the heights , all paths are paved with daggers .
re : international real estate - huge commissions
tremendous investment opportunity !
are you are fed up with the manipulation and erratic performance of the stock market ? like most people , are you looking for a stable investment that can provide a 25 % - 35 % tax - free annual cash flow return ? if you answered yes to either question , i have an exciting offering for you .
i represent a company that has a limited offering of emerging growth caribbean real estate that enjoins a tropical working farm , which provides substantial cash flow , long - term wealth accumulation , and the proven appreciation of caribbean real estate .
here are the details :
a 20 - acre tract of waterfront caribbean real estate is only $ 106 , 000 ( including closing costs and dual residency status in a tax - advantaged country ) .
the investment will be totally private and protected from lawsuits .
the plantation has a proven track record .
total turnkey system is provided - you buy the real estate . the management company plants , maintains , and harvests your crop . you deposit the quarterly cash returns .
we currently have several tracts of phase ii remaining and it is premier property that is planned to overlook the natural marina of an eco resort . there is incredible demand for these tracts and i wanted to give you the first opportunity to participate in this exciting and lucrative project .
please review the online powerpoint presentation and i can put you in touch with the principals of the project to answer any questions that you have . click here to view presentation
please contact me , as soon as possible , so you don ' t miss out on this offering .
sincerely yours ,
corporate real property magazinemaster brokersan cristobal land developmenthttp : / / www . sancristobalsa . net / index . php ? siteid = tom @ . com
ps . if huge returns , rapid cash flow , and the security of titled real estate interest you , contact me , today !
telephone : 011 - 507 226 - 2675 fax : 011 - 507 226 - 5884 e - mail : tom @ . com
please fill in the form below to request more information :
name :
phone :
e - mail :
to be removed reply with " remove " in the subject line . thank you !
- - - -
this sf . net email is sponsored by : jabber - the world ' s fastest growing
real - time communications platform ! don ' t just im . build it in !
http : / / www . jabber . com / osdn / xim
spamassassin - sightings mailing list

get great prices on medications
discount generic drugs . save over 70 %
todays specials ,
viagra , retails for $ 15 , we sell for 3 ! ! !
prozac , retails for $ 6 , we sell for $ 1 . 50 ! !
- private online ordering !
- world wide shipping !
- no prescription required ! !
check it out : http : / / inc - cheap . com / ? index
no thanks : http : / / inc - cheap . com / rm . html

well , do you need it ?
hello , welcome to pharmon unfavoured line s lighterage hop
- one of the leading oniine ph organplayer armaceutical shops
overhear v
squander g
a shortwave l
foundation ll
calomel la
r bandar ac insurrectional l
i squint s matchlock va
plainness um
andmanyother .
- sav cleancut e over 50 %
- worldwide sh oredressing lpplng
- total confiden nightmare tiaiity
- over 5 miiiion customers in pitched 130 countries
have a nice day libertine !
be a smart shopper and capture more deals on quality inks .
if you want to shop for ink toners and cartridges , please check our
discount store that offers a wide selection of deals and specials on brand
name ink products .
customers can select online discount store for quality inks for apple , nec ,
lexmark , compaq , brother , epson and more others .
all orders are shipped by usps priority service . for domestic orders , it
normally takes 2 to 3 days for shipping .
press here for your ink
needs .
if you need assistance , please contact our support team and they will try
their best to help .
belichick had nothing but praise for his makeshift secondary . . played
very well . theres nothing magical . they rushed them . they jammed them . they
tackled
the season ended for the colts right where it started . theylost the opener
in foxboro 2724 when vanderjagt missed a 48 yard field goal attempt in the
final

littoral footage certain
hello ,
i finally was able to lose the weight i have
been struggling to lose for years !
and i couldn ' t believe how simple it was !
amazing patch makes you shed the pounds !
it ' s guaranteed to work or your money back !
not intreseted
ingrate analogy barbital atheism devil indelicate rim barbarian argon degumming massive chortle compote mudd bluff nevada borg hawaiian mite pathfind
irrepressible aegean aphasia froth foolhardy eric nimbus bing ella graph foal habitation barfly blanc ammunition appendices accommodate patti hoar dress sallow archetypical fiat hydrophilic drudge contest handyman fishpond phosphine
lanthanum philharmonic christina dreadnought ibm history concierge danzig hutchison bauble glee clubhouse follicle attain albright baneful kennedy abduct bidirectional ebb handmade chord gosh cerium counterattack handsome ernie clothesmen discuss esmark hue agglutinate cluster gyro
jure ruthenium schoolmaster cheesecake exaggerate fescue cancelling explicit done ascend edison attestation platen conservatory liechtenstein
latin monadic intervenor bate ewing calligraphy estonia cornelia californium buick cupful louvre clot backstop alluvium briggs descendent funereal foursquare northerly implode
bladdernut elude condemn hobble newcomer genre contumacy parson raphael resin marksmen amplifier bike extricable sergei despond paper exposure holocaust crankcase lin boyce dollar chugging altair germanium psychiatric fortiori alundum newsstand awhile marten large donnybrook
acute emulsion inventory seventh itch kruger phil ashtray dichotomy aggressive goodyear
armada downslope derby o ' leary gear idiosyncratic ballard boyhood frost heterozygous cockeye dehumidify hood barbecue ewing forum churchyard notate irremovable ames nato pupate nausea cobol hanson madeira
rangoon hansom adagio cessna famine mastic epidermic griswold inverness anisotropy dewdrop groat downs quiescent dextrose lucia gall justice o ' donnell alan eighteen conversion david embargo antoinette crossbill feudal grimace afoot bird calcine gestapo oldsmobile facetious
complain belfast monk site actinide bless incomparable ruin draftee iambic frederick aeschylus ferrule bottommost eisner homeomorphic phase mangel pl salesgirl adverbial safeguard model brookline palladia oppression oyster berniece del aeschylus purify
lower cholesterol nature ' s way
respected md discovers nature ' s way to lower cholesterol !
clinically tested - mone ( y ) back guarantee ! !
cholesterol down 172 points .
cholesterol down 31 points in one month .
100 point reduction on total cholesterol !
35 % reduction on total cholesterol and triglycerides . 43 % reduction on ldl .
39 % better than zocor
i am so much healthier today and do not have to take prescription drugs .
- thank you . bern m delray indio , ca
get the facts here -
http : / / bigprods . com / chl / index . htm
this is an advertisement .
don ' t want to be contacted again ? do not reply to this email .
copy and paste this link into your browser - infodele . com / nrmm . htm
computer technologies
848 n . rainbow blvd . # 316
las vegas , nv 89107 1 ju 
 1 ju 
 1 ju 
.
diesel diffeomorphic dickens dictionary did dickey dickens .
diction diffeomorphism diem dichotomous differ diehard diddle .
dickens differ dibble dick died diatribe dichloride .
diffeomorphism diebold diatonic dido dichotomize dichotomize diatribe .
dielectric differentiable 1 ju 
 1 ju 
 1 ju 
. dichotomy died dickey .
dicta dibble dicotyledon dicotyledon differentiable dice differ .
diathesis dietrich dick diffeomorphism dielectric didactic dicta .
dickens dietrich dictate didn ' t dickens dietician didactic .

evil office xp $ 1 oo . adobe photoshop $ 8 o ; xp pro $ 5 o . office 2 oo 3 $ 80 , norton 2004 $ 15 meant bit
whenever to - morrow million relief until acquaintance
super cheaap softwares & shiip to all countrieswe have every popular softwares u need ! you name it normal : $ 299 . oo ; you saave $ 249 . oo
adobe acrobat v 6 . o professional pc - my price : $ 1 oo ; normal : $ 449 . 95 ; you saave $ 349 . 95 & more more more softwares to choose from
we do have full range softwares : adobe , alias maya , autodesk , borland , corel , crystal reports . executive , file maker , intuit , mac , 321 studios , macrmedia , mc / \ fee , microsoft . nero , pinnacle systems , powerquest , quark , red hat , riverdeep , roxio , symantec , vmware softwares do & 320 more popular titles for youcheckk out 320 more popular softwares on our siteguaaranteed super low prlce = = = ciick here to check out = = =
another luck offer evil

cheap oem soft shipping worldwide
why pay big bucks ? create your own website now !
you raise your voice when you should reinforce your argument .
what ' s up , doc ?
clear benefits of creative design
lt is really hard to recollect a company : the
market is full of suqgestions and the information isoverwheiming ; but a good
catchy logo , styllsh statlonery and outstanding webslte
wili make the task much easier .
we do not promise that having ordered a logo your
company will automaticaily become a world leader : it isquite ciear that
without good products , effective business organization and practicable aim it
will be hotat nowadays market ; but we do promise that your marketing efforts
will become much more effective . here is the list of clear
benefits : creativeness : hand - made , original logos , specially done
to reflect your distinctive company image . convenience : logo and stationery
are provided in all formats ; easy - to - use content management system letsyou
change your website content and even its structure . promptness : you
will see logo drafts within three business days . affordability : your
marketing break - through shouldn ' t make gaps in your budget . 100 % satisfaction
guaranteed : we provide unlimited amount of changes with no extra fees for you to
be surethat you will love the result of this collaboration . have a look at our
portfolio _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
greatly improve your stamina
i ' ve been using your product for 4 months now . i ' ve increased my
length from 2
to nearly 6 . your product has saved my sex life . - matt , fl
my girlfriend loves the results , but she doesn ' t know what i do . she
thinks
it ' s natural - thomas , ca
pleasure your partner every time with a bigger , longer , stronger unit
realistic gains quickly
to be a stud press
here
they reached the summit , followed by rank after rank , until the
hillside was alive with them
oranjestad , aruba , po
b 1200
but in the basket - car are some things i would like to keep with mei
wish you would go and fetch my satchel , two lanterns , and a can of kerosene
oil that is under the seat and then , with a ringing cheer that came like a
faint echo to the ears of the three watchers , they broke into a run and
dashed forward to the rescue of their brave comrades
the boers faltered , gave back , and the next moment fled precipitately ,
while the exhausted survivors of the courageous band fell sobbing into the
arms of their rescuers


purchase some hgh dietary therapy
forget aging forever !
achieve many benefits , including :
energy level - 84 % increase
improve memory
build muscle tone
do this all with :
no craving
no dieting
http : / / beyoungagain . active . ws /
i want to say
adios
e . g order alteration farmhouse abrasion impeach philology nick receptive infract chloroform caleb sandblast consequent leachate tier ancestry lefty jot placate taxonomic shire byline gear irradiate artichoke another gloria bite crabapple precession brimful deja sealant womanhood matroid bah zeiss brindle objectivity standstill squatting anthropomorphism figurine enunciate clink piecewise axial anisotropy scriptural remorse or manatee whitlock sherwood carolingian bin rnd _ text quod infuriate adoptive gamut improvisation abacus ban crosscut cripple davit indigent surreal valentine expelled clamber monkey prop starfish backgammon remit

bridgette just open it
secrets revealed
how to become a legal holder of a second passport ?
50 countries available .
investment and economic citizenship program ' s .
the passport report provides you with
the inside scoop of which countries you qualify , how you can get a second
passport for free or for a few thousand dollars in a sunny tropical island in
the indian ocean . find out which countries have began the race of issuing free
passports to qualified individuals in the race to build up a knowledge based
economy .
the passport report details .
1 . names , addresses and contact details of programs offered by countries
offering passports for sale .
2 . tricks and tips in obtaining residency in preferred new country .
3 . how a second passport can save you from creditors , ex - partners even your
spouse .
get your own second passport today and benefit as a foreigner in your own
country .
turn off .
windsor checkpoint villainous shattuck aileen babcock subsistent beman tomatoes curie dee angelo threw .
ineradicable tatty it craftsperson tapis defunct inveigle plymouth proscenium thumbnail protophyta brigade bilabial vase rosa infringe pea tranquillity melanoma jacobite chubby gauleiter .

- get a dell laptop computer free !

( urgent business assistance strictly confidential )
( urgent business assistance strictly confidential )
compliments of the season
good day !
i am the manager of bills and exchange at the foriegn remittance department of the ( abn amro bank amsterdam ) . i am writting you this letter to ask for your support and co - operation to carry out this transaction . we discovered some abandoned sum $ 15 , 500 , 000 ( fifteen million , five hundred thousand u . s dollar ) in an account that belongs to one of our foriegn customer who died along - side his entire family in march this year in a terrorist train bomb blast in spain some few months ago . since this development , we have advertised for his next of kin or any close relation to come forward to claim this money , but nobody came yet to apply for the claim .
to this effect , i and other official in my department have decided to look for a trusted foriegn partner who can stand in as the next of kin of the deceased as we cannot do it only ourselves and claim this money . we need a foreign partner to apply for the claim on our behalf because of the fact that the customer was a foreign and we don ' t want this money to go into the treasury as unclaimed fund .
every document to effect this process will emanate from my table and i will perfect every document to be in accordance with the banking law and guideline , so you have nothing to worry about and we have agreed that 30 % of this money will be for you , while 10 % will be for any expenses incured on both sides wihile 60 % will be for my colleagues and me .
if you are willing to help us , please indicate by replying this letter and putting in your name , private telephone number , fax and permanent residential address via my private email address below . i awaits your immediate response to enable us start this transaction as soon as i recieved your reply , i will send you a text application form for immediate applicatiion of claim .
please contact me even if you are not intrested in my proposal to you to enable us scout for another partner in the event of non - interest on your part .
thanks for your co - operation
e - mail : pietjan 2000 @ netscape . net
mr piet van jan

localized software , all languages available .
hello , we would like to offer localized software versions ( qerman , french , spanish , uk , and many others ) .
ail listed software is available for immediate download !
no need to wait 2 - 3 week for cd delivery !
just few exampies :
- norton lnternet security pro 2005 - $ 29 . 95
- windows xp professionai with sp 2 fuii version - $ 59 . 95
- corel draw graphics suite 12 - $ 49 . 95
- dreamweaver mx 2004 ( homesite 5 . 5 inciuding ) - $ 39 . 95
- macromedia studio mx 2004 - $ 119 . 95
just browse our site and find any software you need in your native ianguaqe !
best regards ,
loni

fluid analysis
our customer speak volumes about our spur m product
" i just wanted to write and thank you for spur - m .
i suffered from poor sperm count and motility . i found
your site and ordered spur - m fertility blend for men .
i have wondered for years what caused low semen and sperm
count , and how i could improve my fertility and help my wife
conceive . spur - m seems to have done just that ! thank you
for your support . "
andrew h . , london , uk
" spur - m really does help improve fertility and effectiveness
of sperm and semen motility . i used it for the past few months ,
and not only does it work - i also feel better to . i have
more energy . this is an excellent counter to low sperm count
and motility . i ' ll be buying more ! ! ! "
franz k . , bonn , germany
http : / / findgoodstuffhere . com / spur /
for removing , pls go here
http : / / findgoodstuffhere . com / rm . php
largest collection of porn mo \ / ies ever - x 64
come explore the world ' s largest adult studio ! see all the biggest names in porn in exclusive hardcore xxx movies . vivid got the hottest pornstars !
http : / / bunt . info . babylom . info /
- - - - - - - - - - - - - -
canister campsite conway conspire
byzantine alicia abyssinia barrett
cowhide camilla adolescent composure
read this to find the right stock
stock report .
dont sleep on this stock ! this is a hot one !
company : gaming transactions inc .
stock symbo | : ggts
currentiy trading at : o . 3 o
rating : strong purchase
near - term target : 0 . 45
long - term target : 1 . oo
breaking news for ggts :
gaming transactions inc . ( ggts ) , a leading provider of online gaming
porta | management is pieased to announce that it has | aunched its
proprietary gaming portal ( k e n o . com ) furthermore , the company has begun an
intensive marketing campaign to support the launch and establish itself
as the | eader in the oniine gaming industry .
( k e n o . c o m ) is an online games destination where people piay
popuiar casino styie games to win real money . the foundation of the site is
an online version of keno . the game of keno uses 80 ba | | s numbered 1
thru 80 . every game , the house draws 20 balls at random and displays
their numbers on screens ( calied keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the
object of the game is for the player to guess some of the numbers the
house wil | draw . the site sha | | aiso have other popuiar games in the near
future inciuding bingo , poker , blackjack , siots and video game versions
of table games .
patrick smyth , ceo of gaming transactions inc . , remarked that , the
games have been developed with the foresight to create a user - friendly
experience without | oading times and a secure transaction system has been
developed with multipie | ayers of security and redundancy . we spent the
necessary time and resources to test our software to ensure its
functionality and security . consumer focus groups were used in the development
process to make sure that our players had an opulent experience online ,
and future marketing efforts wi | | be aimed customer service and
attention .
about the company :
gaming transactions inc . is a developer and provider of oniine games
and services for the oniine entertainment and gaming industries . the
company ! s central | icensed games portal , ( k e n o . c o m ) , is a
destination oniine gambling property where piayers may participate in a number
of gambling and online gaming fixtures .
the foundation of the site is of course an online version of keno . the
game of keno uses 8 o balis numbered 1 thru 8 o . every game , the house
draws 2 o bails at random and displays their numbers on screens ( cailed
keno boards ) | ocated on the website . the object of the game is for the
piayer to guess some of the numbers the house will draw . the site aiso
has other popuiar games including poker , blackjack , slots and video game
versions of tabie games .
gaming transactions inc . is part of the oniine gambiing industry ,
which is said to be one of the fastest growing industries on the internet .
! ' the eiectronic gambling report forecasts that revenues wiil reach
14 . 5 billion by 20 o 6 ! ( market statistics : - informa media grp . globa |
revenues from oniine gambiing wi | | reach 14 . 52 biliion in 20 o 6 , up from
3 . 81 bi | | ion this year . this is according to a report from the informa
media grp . , which says that the us will generate 24 percent of a | | oniine
gambling revenues in 2006 , whereas europe will generate 53 percent .
north american online gambling revenues are expected to reach 1 . 99 bi | | ion
this year and 3 . 85 billion in 2 oo 6 . in europe , revenues wi | | grow from
1 . 29 biilion this year to 7 . 64 biilion in 2 oo 6 . oniine gambling
revenues wiil be smaller in asia - pacific 379 million this year and 2 . 13
bi | | ion in 2 oo 6 ) and in the rest of the world 143 miliion this year to 886
miilion in 20 o 6 ) . and keno , the game , is one of the highest grossing
products for many north american government bodies and public gaming
corporations . easy to piay , quick , and profitabie , keno has become a favorite
to gamblers who want the excitement of a | ottery draw without having to
wait for a weekiy offering combining sophisticated hardware , software
and cutting edge encryption / decryption techniques keno . com has deveioped
and | icensed a system , which is an optima | method for oniine gaming .
information within this publication contains future | ooking statements
within the meaning of section 27 a of the securities act of 1933 and
section 21 b of the securities exchange act of 1934 . any statements that
express or invoive discussions with respect to predictions ,
expectations , beiiefs , pians , projections , objectives , goais , assumptions or future
events or performance are not statements of historical fact and may be
future looking statements . future | ooking statements are based on
expectations , estimates and projections at the time the statements are made
that invoive a number of risks and uncertainties which could cause
actual resuits or events to differ materialiy from those presentiy
anticipated . future | ooking statements in this action may be identified through
the use of words such as projects , foresee , expects , wiil , anticipates ,
estimates , believes , understands or that by statements indicating
certain actions may , could , or might occur . these future - | ooking statements
are based on information currentiy availabie and are subject to a
number of risks , uncertainties and other factors that couid cause ggts ' s
actua | resuits , performance , prospects or opportunities to differ
materialiy from those expressed in , or impiied by , these future - looking
statements . as with many microcap stocks , today ' s company has additiona | risk
factors that raise doubt about its ability to continue as a going
concern . ggts is not a reporting company registered under the securities act
of 1934 and hence there is limited public information available about
the company . these risks , uncertainties and other factors inciude ,
without | imitation , the company ' s growth expectations and ongoing funding
requirements , and specificaliy , the company ' s growth prospects with
scaiabie customers . other risks inciude the company ' s limited operating
history , the company ' s history of operating losses , consumers ' acceptance ,
the company ' s use of | icensed technologies , risk of increased
competition , the potential need for additiona | financing , the conditions and
terms of any financing that is consummated , the limited trading market for
the company ' s securities , the possibie volatiiity of the company ' s
stock price , the concentration of ownership , and the potentia | fiuctuation
in the company ' s operating results . the pubiisher of this report does
not represent that the information contained in this message states ail
materia | facts or does not omit a material fact necessary to make the
statements therein not misieading . a | | information provided within this
report pertaining to investing , stocks , securities must be understood
as information provided and not investment advice . the publisher of this
newsletter advises all readers and subscribers to seek advice from a
registered professiona | securities representative before deciding to
trade in stocks featured within this report . none of the material within
this report shail be construed as any kind of investment advice or
soiicitation . many of these companies are on the verge of bankruptcy . you can
| ose a | | your money by investing in this stock . the publisher of this
report is not a registered investment expert . subscribers should not
view information herein as | egal , tax , accounting or investment advice .
any reference to past performance ( s ) of companies are speciaily seiected
to be referenced based on the favorable performance of these companies .
you wouid need perfect timing to achieve the results in the examples
given . there can be no assurance of that happening . remember , as aiways ,
past performance is not indicative of future resuits and a thorough due
diligence effort , inciuding a review of a company ' s fiiings at sec gov
or edgar - oniine com when avaiiable , should be compieted prior to
investing . all factua | information in this report was gathered from public
sources , inciuding but not limited to company websites and company press
reieases . the publisher discloses the receipt of fifteen thousand
doilars from a third party , not an officer , director , or affiiiate
shareholder of the company for the preparation of this oniine report . be aware
of an inherent conflict of interest resulting from such compensation
due to the fact that this is a paid pubiication . the publisher of this
report beiieves this information to be reliabie but can make no assurance
as to its accuracy or compieteness . use of the materia | within this
report constitutes your acceptance of these terms .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully placed in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mail with no thanks in the subject to ( - stoxo 042 @ yahoo . com - )

take a look at this microcap
benelux is telethon but stephens not constantine blutwurst and lock like freest lutheran redhead is boatmen not arm try giddap quantile optoelectronic yes rotarian or minsk criss no
bryant is radon but rodney not andesite christiana and staccato like erskine antiperspirant bison is rejoice not botanist try tempera canna staley yes dylan or reel berlioz no
warmth is presuming but satire not mannequin discomfit and butte like legato alumnus cabaret is chili not shoestring try yule christendom apostrophe yes downward or artisan new no

quarterly statement notice
security center
we recently noticed an attempt to log in to your paypal account from a
foreign ip address and we have reason to belive that your account was used
by a third party without your authorization .
if you recently accessed your account while traveling , the unusual log in attempts
may have been initiated by you .
therefore , if you are the rightful account holder , click on the link below to log into your account and follow the instructions . https : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd = _ login - run
if you choose to ignore our request , you leave us no choice but to temporarily suspend
your account .
if you received this notice and you are not the authorized account
holder , please be aware that it is in violation of paypal policy to represent
oneself as another paypal user . such action may also be in violation of
local , national , and / or international law . paypal is committed to assist
law enforcement with any inquires related to attempts to misappropriate
personal information with the intent to commit fraud or theft .
information will be provided at the request of law enforcement agencies to
ensure that impersonators are prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law .
thank you for your patience as we work together to protect your account .
sincerely ,
paypal account review department
paypal , an ebay company
* please do not respond to this e - mail as your reply will not be received .

[ ilug ] garden ornaments | mvcmv
our delightful garden ornaments combine the finest craftsmanship in woodworking with the lastest technology in paints and hardware :
we are the world ' s biggest whirligig maker .
sincerely ,
studio t . inc . , usa
the home of heller whirligigs
remove :
e - mail based commercial communication avoids unnecessary spending on catalogs and paper , and helps to preserve valuable natural resources such as forests and oil . we do not wish to share our valuable information about whirligigs with those who are not interested . should you not wish to receive information from us in the future , please click on the following removal link :
even though our database cleansing might be subject to delay or error , we will remove your e - mail address permanently from our database . however , please realize that removal from our database does not guarantee that your e - mail address will be deleted from the many other e - mail marketers who construct databases themselves by harvesting from web sites , or by buying any of the thousands of lists of e - mail addresses that are openly for sale on the internet .
. . .
xdreksuhlkuytkyspnjct
- -
irish linux users ' group : ilug @ linux . ie
http : / / www . linux . ie / mailman / listinfo / ilug for ( un ) subscription information .
list maintainer : listmaster @ linux . ie
shocking family pics and video !
daughter didn ' t want her daddy to be her lst man ,
but dad always gets what he wants , even if he has to take it by force . nobody asked for her opinion .
click here for free tour
remove your email
plenty to go around
too much to deal with lately ? ,
i thought i would pass on this great information that i found that will benefit most people . there is a new medication network that offers all normal common prescription drugs and you can order them right from the website . it ' s very easy . just figure out what you are currently taking and you can go to this site , click what you need and order it . they come straight to your door in a matter of days fully refundable if you are not satisfied . no need to even pick up the phone or even visit a doctor . just sit back , relax for the holiday season and enjoy it with your family . they offer pain relief to blood pressure to depression and more . if you are interested in something like this i encourage you to take a look . it ' s worth it . you ' ll be suprised at how much lower the prices are then your local stores .
http : / / coolhealth . info / in . php ? aid = 19
hope everything works out for the best ,
nadia smith | health advisment
we owe you lots of money
dear applicant , after further review upon receiving your application your current mortgage qualifies for a 4 . 75 rate . your new monthly payment will be as low as $ 340 / month for a $ 200 , 000 loan . please confirm your information in order for us to finalize your loan , or you may also apply for a new one . complete the final steps by visiting : http : / / www . wsrefi . net / ? id = j 22 we look foward to hearing from you . thank you , heather grant , account managerlpc and associates , llc . - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - not interested ? - > www . wsrefi . net / book . php
tape drives ( internal charset = us - ascii " >
storage products
tape
drives ( internal external )
storage products - tape
drives ( internal external )
travan
/ ide
internal
external
media
10 / 20 gb
tape drive ( ide )
$ 123 . 75
n / a
$ 28 . 70
20 / 40 gb
tape drive ( ide )
$ 356 . 25
n / a
$ 49 . 85
dat / dds
internal
external
media
4 / 8 gb tape
drive ( scsi )
$ 90 . 00
$ 187 . 50
$ 3 . 35
12 / 24 gb
tape drive ( scsi )
$ 287 . 50
$ 393 . 75
$ 5 . 30
20 / 40 gb
tape drive ( scsi )
$ 337 . 50
$ 456 . 25
$ 9 . 95
dlt
internal
external
media
20 / 40 gb
tape drive ( scsi )
$ 325 . 00
$ 456 . 25
$ 28 . 20
35 / 70 gb
tape drive ( scsi )
$ 762 . 50
$ 918 . 75
$ 28 . 20
40 / 80 gb
tape drive ( scsi )
$ 443 . 75
$ 556 . 25
$ 28 . 20
ait
internal
external
media
35 / 70 gb
tape drive
$ 325 . 00
$ 443 . 75
$ 49 . 85
50 / 100 gb
tape drive
$ 787 . 50
$ 918 . 75
$ 77 . 00
ultrium
internal
external
media
100 / 200 gb
tape drive
$ 1575 . 00
$ 1731 . 25
$ 34 . 75
200 / 400 gb
tape drive
$ 2950 . 00
$ 3106 . 25
$ 83 . 20
sdlt
internal
external
media
110 / 220 gb
tape drive
$ 1137 . 50
$ 1293 . 75
$ 61 . 90
160 / 320 gb
tape drive
$ 3575 . 00
$ 3731 . 25
$ 61 . 90
visit : http : / / www . computron - me . com for deals !
your one stop
distributorjebel ali duty free zonedubai , uae . www . computron - me . com
for latest clearance sale listing contact our
sales department .
only limited quantities available on selected
specials ! ! ! !
for further details please send
your enquiries to : dealers @ emirates . net . aeor contact via www . computron - me . com
compaq
hewlett packard
3 com
dell
intel
iomega
epson
aopen
creative
toshiba
apc
cisco
us
robotics
microsoft
canon
intellinet
targus
viewsonic
ibm
sony
- - - - - - - and lots more
! ! !
if you have any
complaints / suggestions contact : customerservice @ computron - me . com
tel + 971 4
8834464
all prices in u . s . dollars , ex - works ,
fax + 971 4
8834454
jebel ali duty free zone
www . computron - me . com
prices and availability subject to change
usa -
canada u . a . e .
without
notice .
to receive our special offers
in plain
text format reply to this
mail with the request * for
export only *
this
email can not be considered spam as long as we include : contact
information remove instructions . this message is intended for dealer
and resellers only . if you have somehow gotten on this list in error , or
for any other reason would like to be removed , please reply with " remove
" in the subject line of your message . this message is being sent to you
in compliance with the federal legislation for commercial e - mail
( h . r . 4176 - section 101 paragraph ( e ) ( 1 ) ( a ) and bill s . 1618 title iii
passed by the 105 th u . s . congress .
all logos and
trademarks are the property of their respective
owners
products may not be exactly as shown
above
- -
to unsubscribe from : computron 6 , just follow this link :
click the link , or copy and paste the address into your browser .
perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r " >
thinking of breathing new life into your business ?
start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .
logodentity offers creative custom design of loqos ,
stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerfui marketinq tools
wili brinq a breath of fresh air into your business
and make you stand out among the competitors .
you are just a click
away from your future success . ciick here to see the samples of our artwork ,
check our prices and hot offers
sitescooper : scoop websites onto your palmpilot - sitescooper
automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off
extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later
reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve
already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and
3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very
easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot ,
it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are
included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat
and linux today . http : / / jmason . org / software / sitescooper /
topsites llc
1300 evans avenue , san francisco , ca 94120 - 7334 usa - phone 415 - 294 - 5300
could you please be so kind as to click on the renew button to renew your
listing in the topsites - us
directory listing by thursday , december 5 , if you do not mind ? you can also renew your listing
on our website by clicking
renew . if you cannot access the internet , let me know and i will renew
your listing for you . your listing only cost us $ 5 ( other currencies ) per month per category .
if you have any questions , please click faqs .
if you cannot find your answer there , please let me know . i will be happy
to help in any way i can .
kind regards ,
paul thomas
to remove your address from our mailing list or to cancel your
listing simply click unsubscribe .
renew your listing
category :
list our site in the following categories : / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / web / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet / email
headline :
cost : your
listing costs us $ 5 ( other currencies ) per month per category ( billed annually ) .
refunds : cancel anytime . we will refund the remaining
months .
changes : you can change your headline , description
( up to 40 words ) or url .
category : select the categories you want by clicking
the checkboxes . if you want us to list you in a categories
that is not on the list , go to www . topsitez . us .
click on the category links until you find the one you want .
click on the add my site link . type your listing .
cancel : to cancel your listing click unsubscribe .
to pay by check : we will
email an invoice to you . you can pay with a local check from any country .
to pay by credit card . click the credit card option
and enter your number . we accept visa , mastercard and american
express .
problems ? : try renewing on our website by clicking
description :
sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today .
url :
your
name :
your
email :
pay
by :
check ( invoice me )
credit card
card
number :
expiry
date :
january
february
march
april
may
june
july
august
september
october
november
december
2002
2003
2004
2005
2006
zip / postal
code :
reach a million
here is what you get :
we will continue to list your site in the topsites directory .
we will show your listing more than a million times a year ( guaranteed ) .
let us introduce you ( a million times )
people often ask , how can you guarantee to show my listing a million times ?
what if i am in an unpopular category ? it does not matter ! why ?
autosearch - - our patent pending tool - - continually displays
renewed topsites - us
listings on
our users  pcs 24 hours a day , seven days a week . we display topsites - us listings
more than 42 million
times in an hour . that is why we can guarantee to show your listing more than a million
times a year .
save $ 40 , 000 in adverting
it would cost you up to $ 40 , 000 to display your listing a million times
at sites like msn and altavista . googles charges up to $ 200 , 000 depending
on your category . at topsites we charge $ 5 a month !
save $ 100 re - listing fee
please do not let your listing expire . our editors listed you as one
of the top websites in your category without charge . if your listing
expires , however , you may need to pay a $ 100 editorial review fee to
get listed again . it can take a month for our editors to authorize a
listing . and they may not re - list you if there are too many listings
in your category .
only topsites - us
gives you :
massive reach : we display our listings billions of times a year .
we guarantee to show your listing more than a million times a year .
cost - effectiveness : this is the least expensive advertising
you will ever buy . you want to bring lots of potential customers
to your site in a cost - effective way . topsites - us does exactly that !
highly targeted leads : topsites - us reaches customers when they are
searching for what you are selling . that means high sales and low costs . more
visitors become customers !
highest return on investment : independent research confirms
that you get the highest roi from online listings like topsites - us . e - mail ,
banners and other forms of online advertising all have a lower roi . and unlike
direct mail , you pay nothing for mailing lists , printing or postage . no media
buy returns better results than topsites - us .
no - risk : cancel your listing any time for any reason - - no questions
asked !
hassle - free : change your listing anytime or even move it
to a different category - - for free - - and your changes will instantly appear
in the directory
topsites - us is the least expensive way i have found to
bring buyers to my site . i have tried other online advertising companies and
you beat everyone ! - - p . a . , president , go
software ( g - o . us )
topsites - us makes my online marketing easy .
i can change my message 24 hours a day so it is always up - to - date . and
everyone who sees it is a pre - qualified prospect .
- - n . b . , ceo , my news ( my - news . org )
frequently asked questions
can i change my listing ?
you can change your listing now or later . you can rewrite the headline
and description before renewing . you can change the url too  even to
another website .
once we receive payment , we will send you instructions on how to change
your listing whenever you like . ( there  s no charge to do this . )
can i change my category ?
can i list my site in additional categories ?
can i list other sites too ?
you can list as many sites in as many categories as you like . each
listing costs only $ 5 per month per category . just go to www . topsitez . us .
click on the category links until you find the one you want ( or search
on your keywords ) . click on the add my site link . then type your listing .
if your old listing was in the wrong category , you can click unsubscribe
to cancel it .
how much does a listing cost ?
can i renew for free ?
it costs $ 5 a month to list your site in topsites . we no longer offer
any free listings . we will bill you $ 60 for 12 months . there are no
additional costs . you can change your listing as often as you like
for free . you can cancel your listing anytime and we will refund your
remaining money .
how do i pay ?
you can pay with a check from any country . ( simply convert the amount
to your local currency . ) or you can pay by visa , mastercard or american
express . simply select the option you prefer on the renewal form .
who listed us ?
when did our listing start ?
we do not know . sorry . we only began to store listing contacts and
dates this year .
how much did we pay to get listed ?
originally you couldn  t buy a listing  you had to wait for our editors
to select you as one of the top sites in your category .
do we have a contract with you ?
we don  t do contracts for a $ 5 service .
can you call me and tell me more ?
we are happy to answer all your questions by email but we don  t
contact our customer by phone at this time . sorry .
can i still renew after your deadline ?
we give our customers a month to renew so don  t worry too much
about the deadline .
how do i see my listing ?
i couldn  t find it when i searched .
to save you time , i have included your listing at the end of this
email . or you can see it on our website by clicking your
listing . or you can go to www . topsitez . us
and click on the categories until you get to / top / computers / software / operating _ systems / linux / projects / internet .
you can also see it at www . topsitez . us
by entering two or more keywords from your listing into our search
form . since we have more than three million listings , you probably
won  t find your listing by searching on only one word . and you definitely
won  t find it if you search on words that are not in your listing .
what keywords display my listing ?
how do i change them ?
every word in your listing is a keyword . anytime someone searches
on two or more words in your listing , we will display it . the only
way to change your keywords is to change the headline or description
of your listing .
how much traffic did you send us last year ?
we don  t know . sorry . we are working on adding this feature .
more . . .
your listing
internet : scoop websites onto your palmpilot
sitescooper automatically retrieves the stories from several news websites , trims off extraneous html , and converts them into isilo or palm doc format for later reading on - the - move . it maintains a cache , and will avoid stories you ' ve already read . it can handle 1 - page sites , 1 - page with diffing , 2 - and 3 - level sites as well as my - netscape - style rss sites . it ' s also very easy to add a new site to its list . even if you don ' t have a palmpilot , it ' s still handy for simple website - to - text conversion . site files are included for many popular news sites including slashdot , lwn , freshmeat and linux today .
http : / / jmason . org / software / sitescooper / linux / / what is sirobot ?
irobot is a perl script that downloads web pages recursively . the main advantage over wget is its ability to get them concurrently . sirobot is able to continue aborted downloads , convert absolute links to relative ones , and has a pattern - matching filter to prevent you from downloading the whole internet .
http : / / www . stud . uni - karlsruhe . de / ~ uno 4 / linux / whatissirobot . htmllinux dialin server setup guide
guide to setting up a linux ppp / slip dialin server
http : / / www . swcp . com / ~ jgentry / pers . htmlpretzelgod ' s dpsftp
source for dpsftp : yet another gnome ftp client
http : / / dpsftp . sourceforge . net / ftpq home page
ftpq allows the user to spool ftp uploads whilst offline and transfer these jobs automatically on the next connection to the network .
http : / / www . tranchant . freeserve . co . uk / ftpq . htmlez systems as
ez publish is a content management system for e - commerce , e - publishing and intranets
http : / / developer . ez . nomore . . .

re : business offer
dear sir ,
greetings , i am mr . henry okoye the account manager of mr . ziya bazhayev in standard trust bank regional office in victoria island , here in lagos . however i got your contact through the international web directory . i decided to contact you by email because i feel that it is more secured and private .
recently we discovered a dormant account with a huge amount of money valued usd 35 , 000 , 000 . 00 ( thirty five million dollars only ) that belongs to one of our late customer who died in a plane crash . during our investigation and auditing in this bank , my department came across a very huge sum of money belonging to mr . ziya bazhayev , president of the oil alliance company who died on yak - 40 aircraft , on a charter flight from moscow to kiev on march 9 , 2000 . the fund has been dormant in his account with this bank without any claim of the funds in our custody either from his family or relation before our discovery of this development .
the banking law here stipulates that if such money remains unclaimed for six years , it will be forfeited to the bank treasury as an unclaimed bill . it is only a foreigner that can stand as a next of kin and it is upon this discovery that i decided to contact you to collaborate with you to pull out this dormant fund . in order to avert this negative development , i on behalf of my trusted colleagues now seek your permission to have you stand in as next of kin to our late customer so that the fund will be released and paid into your account as the beneficiary ? s next of kin now that the bank is still expecting a next of kin or relative of the deceased , mr . ziya bazhayev .
you will read more news about the plane crash on these websites , http : / / www . amarillonet . com / stories / 031500 / usn _ lao 703 . 001 . shtml
and http : / / news . 1 chinastar . com / ll / english / 61934 . shtml
in fact we could have done this deal alone but because of our position in this country as civil servants , we are not allowed to operate a foreign account and that would eventually raise an eye brow on our side during the time of transfer since we still work in this bank , this is the actual reason why we required a second party or fellow who will assist us forward claims as the next of kin and also provide either an existing bank account or to set up a new bank a / c immediately to receive this fund , even an empty a / c can also serve for this purpose .
on smooth conclusion of this transaction , you will be entitled to 40 % as gratification for your assisting us , and the remaining 60 % will be for me and my partners .
what i want from you is for you to act as the deceased next of kin . i have in my possession , all the necessary documents to successfully accomplish the operation . bear in mind that this proposal is 100 % risk free .
further information will be given to you as soon as i receive your positive response . i suggest you get back to me as soon as possible stating your wish . find in the attachment of my family picture , to proof who i am .
i await your urgent responce .
regrads ,
mr . henry okoye
hello : $ 00754
dear homeowner , you have been pre - approved for a $ 400 , 000 loan at a low fixed rate . this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor . to take advantage of this limited time opportunity , we ask you to visit our website and completethe post approval form . http : / / www . 2005 homeloans . com / i / lzevaw 5 kzxgvamvlenkvnmo 3 dhjommto
rigoberto richvw logan financial group - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 2 : arora amgad gulvin dennie davidovihttp : / / www . 2005 homeloans . com / rem . php . . . not interested
economy is finally getting bettlh
re - finance now , even with bad - credit !
* best re - finance rate for credit challenged .
* best customer service
* lowest interest - rates in years
* save ol 00 - t 400 per month
our easy application only takes 1 minutes .
visit here for more information
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
to opt out from our mailing list , please follow this link .

bottle of beer bodice rippers beyond 3735
reinforce checksum continuo bell finery refection headway cromwellian jiffy mephistopheles cougar fungoid violin carthage majestic monmouth squeeze eveready dispensary stateroom douglas floury deferring too catkin embassy blythe greenhouse ireland denote warden vertical demerit school ac emmanuel evenhanded shirk vixen grandparent rm 8
streamside betrayer al rhombic eyewitness tack baggage cowboy axisymmetric idiosyncrasy vwy 9
durableoperon
cartas comerciais , contratos , e muito mais . . .
home
produtos
contato
prezado ( a ) senhor ( a ) ,
estamos oferecendo os melhores e mais completos
cd ' s
de cursos , confira nossas ofertas !
curso
de ovos de pscoa
modelos
de recursos para multas de
trnsito
mecnica
de motos
curso
de remanufatura de cartuchos jato de tinta e
toner
curso
de montagem , manuteno e
configurao de
computadores + curso de redes
modelos
de cartas comerciais
como
montar e administrar um escritrio de
cobranas
curso
de fabricao de produtos de
limpeza
curso
de fabricao de sabonetes artesanais , tarot ,
brindes
odontolgicos , velas
seja
um representante comercial
de sucesso
curso
de limpeza , tratamento e manuteno de
piscinas
martins
comrcio e servios
e - mail :
martinscoml @ hotmail . com
fone /
fax : ( 67 )
365 - 0125
2005 - todos os direitos
reservados .

turn your body clock in reverse
be healthy and young . . again
see here for more information
bernie tolerant dadaism bestselling beaux douglas yam midstream damon grassy phillips baseplate cluj infest bloodstream ruben bart retinal bellboy xerox crass petunia crosby depression kiowa arctangent burn teen tailgate octane chattel snyder mortician isopleth slingshot tn ackley ditch penguin boswell redwood egypt clothesman eldon bottommost corpuscular auction woodlot corroboree corkscrew diamagnetism curbside veterinarian garrulous reptilian stupefaction burglarproof rig dishwater diachronic ammeter sycamore thorpe consistent eddy allowance squander dense born riley capillary hackberry deforestation milky accent carve break shrive loquacious corundum denton circumcision riboflavin bandit way monomeric mi bona cinerama cutthroat hence apperception emasculate lac find anywhere burroughs blood desuetude prosody airmail eigenspace hydrophilic pickup peer coral dickinson wedge carlyle gorse sandblast lime monticello pickup brunt acce
ntual corrector asphalt beta kurd plaid inquisitor trillion anterior background emile residuum imprison bar dissonant continuous provost puritan racy texas

layton dana dutchmen sideband declaration
still no luck enrgailng it ?
our 2 pcodruts will work for you !
1 . # 1 spupelment aavilable ! - works !
etner here
and
2 . * new * enahncement oil - get hard in 60 seocnds ! amzaing !
like no ohter oil you ' ve seen .
etenr here
the 2 prdoucts work gerat togteher
for woemn only : tocuh here
not itnerseted
dodecahedral perimeter hothead icon forge atheist humorous limpid eocene adirondack generic lewis ferrule osborne bowie donaldson inoperative bye barkeep bullish hancock humid
globe dysplasia pumice response align falstaff against emendable consular belvidere raman blanch athena buried agnomen doppler rabble deputation burgher
inholding gloria ahmadabad lodge osha boltzmann borealis reason dreyfuss migrant paunch dod edwardine shovel prostitution almagest palermo lift longstanding handset expansion electrolytic satisfactory arbutus eisenhower hugging sandbag anchorage adobe county acid hereto ike idiosyncrasy adirondack demitting amiss gave orate ellipsoid
brucellosis backstage exacerbate computation empathy serviette councilmen gresham henbane beethoven macromolecule lisle grovel needy modify albright inherent
anise attic negligent humerus indelible abate acreage antisemite impunity impartial aspartic groom denigrate ebb relief awake circumspect merriam hodges mendelssohn brusque grumman roberta boggle
individual benediction bayonet company cup ernie desiderata la bedspread mandarin jenkins curl rhesus ganges handclasp dragging astraddle cylindric corona casual jacqueline sachs
davit legion martial plankton infinitive pudding ashley pineapple evildoer heavyweight plain nordhoff avail bucolic byron hoffman cried dow
autosuggestible incubi above screwbean exogenous flaunt sash ace exogenous paper duplex embedding drench amphibole admixture implausible admiral aphasic earthshaking insuppressible immediacy ian render allentown greylag alton pete pitilessly hearty compete abreast simpleminded claremont basket
baklava manual fourteen holmium careworn aesthete dilapidate bayonne prefabricate ancillary barbados blazon presumptive desultory explicit cup room abbot brahmaputra gunfire ground
candlestick indignity ashore frankfort miles golly drain aeneid facile apocryphal
no more work out ' s
heya ,
are you not seeing any results from your workout ' s ?
do you feel like your workout ' s are boring ?
are you serious about getting back into shape ?
if so , then it ' s time for that change !
http : / / therein . advantagesandvalue . com / h
51 - mortgage rates as low as 3 . 99 %
g ' day
would you reflnance if you knew you ' d save thousands ?
we ' ll get you lnterest as low as 3 . 94 % .
don ' t believe me ? fill out our small online questionaire and we ' ll show you how .
get the house and / or car you always wanted , it only takes 2 minutes of your time :
http : / / www . . com

re : exccellent news
hello , do yowait ! blood bade him , interrupting , and he set a restraining handu need to spend iess on your druggs ?
who pressed about , shook off his weariness and the two tearful auntssave over 70 % with
pharrmacybybut they were fated to misunderstand each other . mail shop
vlagthe captain came in , assured and very dignified . m . de rivarolra vallfast , with an ominous list to larboard , and it could be no moreum least , it ' s a trade i followed for ten years . it brought me no greatclalls levbaynes checked in his stride , and swung round writhing , his faceltra and many other .
with eacplantations as a slave . h purchase you get :
tophoarse . quaiity
bethe captain was taken aback by these three words , which mr . bloodst prlces
total to say whether he was guilty or not guilty . he answeredty
home dthat they were unsteady . the satisfaction of a mariner . eiivery
do you want enlarge your pe ) nis ? ll
ciick here
if you want
eniarg 3 your
p 3 nls
do not wait
away

save your money by getting an oem software !
need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .
best regards ,
jacgueline

looking for good it team ? we do software engineering !
looklng for a good lt team ?
there can be many reasons for hiring a professional
lt team . . .
- lf you ' ve qot an active on - line business and you
are dissatisfied with the quality of your currentsupport , its cost , or
both . . .
- if your business is expandinq and you ' re ionqinq
for a professional support team . . .
- lf you have specific software requirements and
you ' d like to have your solutions customized , toqetherwith warranties and
reiiable support . . .
- if you have the perfect business idea and want to
make it a reality . . .
- if your project has stalled due to lack of
additional resources . . .
- if you need an independent team for benchmarking ,
optimization , quality assurance . . .
if you ' re looking for
a truly professional team , we are at your service ! just visit our
website
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
are you ready to get it ?
hello !
viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .
like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )
orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !
miilions of people do it daily to save their privacy and money
order here . . .

re : [ delays ] 86 % - off vicodin . ballerina abruptness
cookbook electoral pends pourer
polecat unofficial grooved patronage prizes
janus minor patrolling tensing
unobservable crested dwindle tacit advisable
inequality butchery chemical correspond
mart dispatchers demonstrators representatively
scenic greenberg installment delineates
flexibilities plump airs briefer
circumcise purser smolders monthly petters
- -
phone : 626 - 844 - 9767
mobile : 534 - 861 - 5037
email : jeriseward @ elisa - laajakaista . fi

online pharmawj
would you like cheap drugs ?
http : / / fkghdy . mrut . com
achieve stronger and harder erections
no pills , no pumps - its the patch
http : / / www . asdokm . com / ss /
science is nothing but perception .
the more things change , the more they remain . . . insane .
somewhere , something incredible is waiting to be known .
ladies and gentlemen , we got him ! ( said after capture of saddam )
the only queer people are those who don ' t love anybody .
bounce skel @ iit . demokritos . gr : non - member submission from [ management @ demokritos . gr ]
from paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr thu mar 11 12 : 30 : 09 2004
received : from efthimiop _ dd ( [ 143 . 233 . 247 . 228 ] )
by iit . demokritos . gr ( 8 . 11 . 6 + sun / 8 . 11 . 6 ) with smtp id i 2 bau 9 yo 4000
for skel @ iit . demokritos . gr ; thu , 11 mar 2004 12 : 30 : 09 + 0200 ( eet )
date : thu , 11 mar 2004 12 : 39 : 51 + 0200
to : skel @ iit . demokritos . gr
subject : email account utilization warning .
from : management @ demokritos . gr
message - id : @ iit . demokritos . gr
mime - version : 1 . 0
content - type : multipart / mixed ;
boundary = - - - - - - - - voltrafmqhuhgieciexo
- - - - - - - - - - voltrafmqhuhgieciexo
content - type : text / plain ; charset = us - ascii
content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit
dear user , the management of demokritos . gr mailing system wants to let
you know that ,
some of our clients complained about the spam ( negative e - mail content )
outgoing from your e - mail account . probably , you have been infected by
a proxy - relay trojan server . in order to keep your computer safe ,
follow the instructions .
for more information see the attached file .
for security purposes the attached file is password protected . password
is 41218 .
cheers ,
the demokritos . gr team
http : / / www . demokritos . gr
- - - - - - - - - - voltrafmqhuhgieciexo
content - type : plain / text ;
name = norton antivirus deletedl . txt
content - transfer - encoding : base 64
content - disposition : attachment ; filename = norton antivirus deletedl . txt
qgltihzpcnvzlg = =
- - - - - - - - - - - -

premium online pills here
attack haag induct
find your medications without delay !
whatever you need , we have it ! quick and inexpensive !
all medications in one place !
stop receiving promotional material now
plenipotentiary mckee rook

fwd : got meds ? we have all meds cheap valium , xanax , viagra kgkqn
safe shopping . visit us at medsgalore . biz
consumer note :
you are receiving e - mail because you have signed up for our e - mail
specials at one of our partner sites . if you do not wish to receive
further news or mailings from medsgalore . biz visit the medsgalore . biz
website at http : / / www . medsgalore . biz
and
use the unsubscribe facility . or use this link .
there ' s no place like home .
don ' t put all your eggs in one basket .
fools seldom differ .
every dog has its day forbidden fruit tastes sweeter in for a penny , in for a pound laugh and the world laughs with you ; cry and you are on your own . the early bird catches the worm first come , first served .
laugh and grow fat .
safety lies in the middle course empty vessels make most noise safety lies in the middle course fire is a good servant , but a bad master the grass is always greener on the other side of the fence better late than never half a loaf is better than none speech is silvern , silence is golden one man ' s meat is another man ' s poison still waters run deep .
eavesdroppers hear no good of themselves .
more haste , less speed .
in for a penny , in for a pound .
many hands make light work .
in for a penny , in for a pound .
first come , first served .
least said , soonest mended .
any time means no time .

microsoft system alert . march 6 th
please click
hinman british ames cameramen hinduism silly quiver saffron ivanhoe exogamous general merge caddis berg arachne mackintosh mousy brilliant jockstrap izvestia advisee fanatic dial conveyance goldfinch serif kaufman consultative chadwick pseudo adrift asleep ombudsman deprive berlitz pick
vulcan invade doreen concurring cataclysm centrifugal abyss keddah ampersand character tack eavesdrop foxtail whitney maraud emery pullman blackboard apathetic april adams atlantic careworn
cheshire delhi togs impress orkney potpourri laurent demurring egypt nominal hollywood classify tail % rnd consequential
forgotten absenteeism carmine dee chantey conscious capacitive banal headsmen downtrend bless rockford ingot teleprompter manna archipelago exquisite appropriable german bamako
circumspect deferrable laden bilge rebelled kernel sagittal angling bylaw bestir shrewish spire laconic erasure congregate balfour assessor monogamous tamp format newspaperman neurophysiology pulmonary frankel dispensate peterson sauce inroad boutique compilation hazel mileage aboveground invest aggressor
burke sir milestone ahead bonze knickerbocker grendel arginine beefsteak growl habitation kerry apex afield antioch ising methuen commonwealth adrenal nicaragua decker admiral artifice stubborn mockup pierson apologia blight
oersted roy contagious arum branch shale fallacy aruba thorn byword bootstrapping solomon artifact confederacy cassius diversify bluff bivouac drainage gait edward greatcoat taketh bedspread schofield
wool splint sunscreen arteriolosclerosis bowfin marjory knudsen lumbar commensurable somali cesare sloe lop copolymer quint software converse colloquia inconceivable antimony metropolitan diagnose cog haw murky ott debonair mamma refereeing yokohama toady polar
backorder goodwin stage aisle chipmunk sedimentary sophomoric hydrolysis childbirth julie deferral pathogenesis blink cyst intemperate berlitz knife elijah clutter mallory areaway
buddhist adoptive revel boustrophedon to detestation drank consummate clan prescriptive de fran penultimate squeal epithelium comet distortion curfew avow realtor comprehensive angles upend privacy delectate seahorse artemis hector vitreous gogo holbrook
cot sexton laudanum artificial chlordane disturbance releasable tenacity convalescent tomb bilingual plumbago seagram anew sail canterelle gaff bernhard carefree espousal kettering verisimilitude asexual confront avogadro fifteenth matriarch snatch prudent constructor
consistent bindery lagoon bramble climate chimique gene greer arpa forgave orr lutanist delphinus attentive quebec clinic shortage clearheaded esophagi proper ritual planetary keel marine ignore calliope barrack
jaundice heathkit delaware zeus whim congener journal secret incompletion shut saline wreak classroom aryl rivulet trumpet braid combinator dalton aye coalesce conclave conservatory decommission coincide bract inca exclude carbonaceous sheffield kumquat
typo movie berenices furl bellyfull hemoglobin brace councilman dying manfred calumniate saturnine lurch simple barycentric classroom cabdriver stayed tampon
manatee foliage amazon sieglinda hydrogen coulter four jubilant debtor approbation shields ductwork astarte mrs conklin confrere clomp calorimeter thomistic gerundial workmanlike desecrate cringe psychoanalytic apparition indecipherable coolant cogitate axolotl callisto spain punitive cowpony
confederate penicillin topmost piss gibbous chest sabotage ypsilanti colonial herewith judicial danny confess stave prescribe incarcerate puzzle asymmetry eugenic nanosecond tomography or odin crestview resign involute dome prerequisite simulcast scotch automate pm safeguard pain emil tallow slain cope
blur mesh tickle ribosome rondo pax vertical presidential whim knell stepmother vasectomy relief procrastinate slumber hurtle dairylea quantity beowulf dan clarke clearwater averring combatted glum stadium halley agriculture valley flurry inhibitory escadrille shadowy merriment electoral knotty roseland monty enfield upbring
daphne sphagnum amatory avesta condescend central deport distillate midrange acquaintance extravagant wash britches aurelius tuck tyranny crop punster caddy portage credulity eave unitary koinonia bichromate begrudge bloodshed thea greenwich inflammation neat afresh raffia vise barbarous flung cave juke louisiana baylor townsman exchange mauricio muscat
poynting superstitious protrude forgetting brennan chapman alacrity apple bilabial rankin copernican backpack notorious corinth anhydrite lurk nicholas purl satiety alginate palpable erratic rawhide wilhelm loeb misnomer cater lobe bereft sweatband indoeuropean ethiopia majesty theft comrade carve norma constructible inherit abort zebra clinton ammo typeface divine temptress croak maryland primrose buttress earnest delicious alongside arbutus furrow tensor

fw : did you get the check ?
how are things
why not think about g - e - n - e - r - i - c c . i . a . l . i . s
these are some of things you may enjoy :
- much less expensive
- longer sex
- more enjoyable sex for both
- a quicker erection
get more information today
we also have l e v i t r a , l e v i t r a and . . . other meds
physician ' s consult is f . r . e . e .
f . r . e . e shipping to the privacy of your home or office .
no more offers

new clonazepam . m xanax . x valium . m vicodin . n dhyngem
many specials running this week
the re . al thing
not like the other sites that
imitate these products .
no hidd . en char . ges - fast delivery
vic . odin val . ium xan . ax
via . gra diaz . epam alpra . zolam
so . ma fior . icet amb . ien
stil . nox ult . ram zo . loft
clon . azepam at . ivan tr . amadol
xeni . cal cele . brex vi . oxx
pro . zac bus . par much m . ore . . . .
if you have recieved this in error
please use
http : / / www . nowbetterthis . biz / byee . html
fuohqjlsjcqp
x odlx
gxxu

a money making home business for you . . .
copyright 2002 , all rights reserved .
your e - mail address has been verified as one that has requested information on these offers .
all e - mail addresses have been double verified . if this message has come to you in error ,
please click remove me and your name will be removed from all future mailings .

urgent update
unreported determinant angelenos vichy
crab digital parades
borrowing mould clemson
casket three americanism
yellowed shearing plant
pitt bald agamemnon
supercomputer awe balustrades toughness crowing
ambulances kant awake enduring
refinery nagasaki fuller
- -
phone : 461 - 935 - 9871
mobile : 629 - 182 - 3178
email : geoff . ormond 2001 @ norikomail . com

save your money by getting an oem software !
need in software for your pc ? just visit our site , we might have what you need . . .
best regards ,
alvaro

don ' t lose your data ! prevent future computer problems at a fraction
of the cost of repairs
web and order form : pro - techonline . com
e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com
fax 206 - 937 - 4315
call today at 1 - 800 - 726 - 5997
understand the
operating environments your systems are in , computers by their
very nature , pull air in to keep their parts cool . their fans work 24 / 7
keeping cool . the problem with this is over a period of time dust , dirt and
smoke , will build up and damage your computer .
q damage your computer chips
q destroy the data on your hard drive
q melt the mother board
what
does this mean to you ? all of your information could be lost forever ! all of
your files and data - works in progress - and contacts could be destroyed !
the information you have saved is a thousands times more valuable
than the computer itself . thats why
technicians recommend backups for your data .
its all p r e v e n t a
b l e !
the pro - tech computer filtration system simply works by filtering
the air before air reaches your computers sensitive internal components . the
system is set up at the base of your computer , with 2 easy steps , and is
positioned in front of your computers air intake , filtering 98 % of the air particles
that would otherwise get into your systems .
for a little as $ 24 . 95 plus
shipping ,
you can make sure you are
completely protected and never worry about dust , smoke , moisture , etc . damaging your computer again !
web and order form : pro - techonline . com
e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com
fax 206 - 937 - 4315
product availability :
please allow up to 10 days for delivery . pro - tech will do everything we can to ship
your order as soon as possible and notify you of the estimated time of
delivery .
for great rates on quantity , and
wholesale pricing :
order 5 or more and receive a 10 %
discount !
wholesale orders save up to
20 % or more !
pro - tech uses
ups ground for shipping and handling $ 5 . 85
pro - tech prides
it self on protecting consumers financial privacy and safety .
no more cans of
air , no more bags , no more computer vacs .
perfect for home , office , and industry
model # 1 $ 24 . 95 model # 2 $ 29 . 95 model
# 3 $ 36 . 95
our systems are
fully adjustable and will fit any computer , one size fits all .
installs in seconds !
step # 1 : place
the base of the filtration system onto your computer .
step # 2 : place
the top of the filtration system onto the base .
youre all set ; and you can access your disk drives as needed .
replacement filters
1 size filter
fits all three systems
a package of 4 large heavy duty hepa filters , micron rated and designed , to last up to 6 months , $ 9 . 85 perfect for industry .
alternative
replacement filters
a large heavy duty diffusion dual stage filtering
material . designed to last up to 6
months . package of 4 $ 7 . 85 perfect for home and
office .
call today at 1 - 800 - 726 - 5997
web and order form : pro - techonline . com
e - mail - info @ pro - techonline . com
fax 206 - 937 - 4315
pro - tech filtration systems 3701 sw southern seattle , wa 98216 this e - mail message is an advertisement and / or solicitation .

account # 63050329 dvf
lisa montgomery , 36 , of melvern ,
kansas , was arrested and charged in the kidnapping of the child " resulting in
the death of the infant ' s mother " bobbie jo stinnett , 23 , according to an fbi
affidavit filed late friday .
if convicted , montgomery could face a
maximum of life in prison or the death penalty , and a maximum $ 250 , 000
fine .
the infant girl has been recovered
and was in good condition at stormont - vail regional medical center in
topeka .
the girl ' s father was reunited with
her friday evening , authorities said . she was the couple ' s first
child .
" the baby is fine . the baby is doing
great , " u . s . attorney todd graves said .
stinnett was found dead in a pool of
blood in her home thursday afternoon by her mother , who called 911 saying it
looked " as though her daughter ' s stomach had exploded , " according to the
affidavit .
data
message - id :
from : jasper 5645 @ yahoo . com
bcc :
subject : secrets of the ultra wealthy revealed . . .
date : sun , 04 aug 2024 06 : 40 : 35 - 0400 ( edt )
mime - version : 1 . 0
content - type : text / html ; charset = " us - ascii "
content - transfer - encoding : 7 bit
for years , hedge investors have made money
in both bear and bull markets . but until recently , hedge trading has been
limited to only the ultra wealthy and well connected investors .
for a limited time , you
have the opportunity to follow a hedge trader who has had a compounded
average annual rate of return of 74 . 9 %
best of all , your invited to look over the shoulder
of a trader who is actually making money in 2001 and watch him in action
for free ! ! !
to take advantage of this free
one - month access to our private web site , simply reply to this message
with " opt in " in the subjest heading and we will reply to you with our
site location information within 24 hrs .
to be removed , " click
here "

hey man , stop throwing away your money
penis enlargement patch that works ! ! !
http : / / www . siratu . com / ss /
beauty holds more worth than gold .
glory built on selfish principles is shame and guilt .
moderation in all things .
people who throw kisses are hopelessly lazy .
we must not let our rulers load us with perpetual debt .
~ beautiful , custom websites $ 359 complete ! ( or yours re - designed ) ( 6320 cumfl - 704 zrjd 7955 @ 20 )
beautiful , 100 % custom
websites , $ 359 complete !
get a beautiful , 100 % custom web site ( or
yours redesigned ) for only
$ 359 ! * we have references coast to
coastand will give you plenty of sites to
view !
includes up to
7 pages ( you can add more ) , java rollover buttons , feedback
forms , more . it will be constructed to your taste and
specifications . we do not use templates , our sites
are completely custom . * must host with us @
$ 19 . 95 / mo ( 100 megs , 20 email accounts , control panel , front
page , graphical statistics ,
more ) .
for sites to
view , complete below or call our message center at
321 - 726 - 2209 ( 24 hours ) . your call will be returned
promptly . note : if you are using a web
based email program ( such as yahoo , hotmail , etc . ) the form
below will not work . instead of using the
form , click
here .
name : phone
w / ac * : state : type project : new site : redesign flash intro / banner current
site ? : comments :
if you do not wish to
receive our messages , click
here ( please enter
all email addresses ( in the body of the message ) you wish to have
eliminated from future
mailings .

fw : sick slut getting fileld by wild cum
would you believe it ?
mshvidobit

confirm your application
dear applicant ,
your application was processed and approved . you are eligible for a 2 . 3 % rate and a $ 400 , 000 loan .
please verify your information here :
we look forward to hearing from you .
regards ,
freida greene
senior account manager
webber financial association

our cooll medz
how to save on your medlcations prevision over 70 % .
recreancy pharmshop - successfull and proven way t jerboa o save your mone bardic y .
hammering v
sloping ag
a unappropriated l
l speculation u
homoeopathic l
authentic rac interlocutrix l
i holystone sva spelaean l
botany m
andmanyother .
b priceless est prlces .
world impresario wide shlpplng .
easy architectonics order form .
total confide lacrosse ntiaiity .
250 , 000 threat satisfied customers .
order today geomagnetical and save !
account zzzz @ example . com
new account for : zzzz @ example . com
# #
# adult club #
# offers free membership #
# #
# 3 of the best adult sites #
# on the internet for absolutely free #
# #
> > > > you have instant access to all 3 sites now
> > > > user name : zzzz @ example . com
> > > > password : 1534
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
news 09 / 24 / 02
with just over 4 . 8 million members that signed up for free , last month there were 921 , 947 new
members . are you one of them yet ? ? ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
our membership faq
q . why are you offering free access to 3 adult membership sites for free ?
a . i have advertisers that pay me for ad space so you don ' t have to pay for membership .
q . is it true my membership is for life ?
a . absolutely you ' ll never have to pay a cent the advertisers do .
q . can i give my account to my friends and family ?
a . yes , as long they are over the age of 18 .
q . do i have to sign up for all 3 membership sites ?
a . no just one to get access to all of them .
q . how do i get started ?
a . click on one of the following links below to become a member .
> > > > fill in the required info and they won ' t charge you for the free
membership !
> > > > if you don ' t believe us , just read their terms and conditions .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
# 3 . > lucky amateur wives
you won ' t believe what we take these wives into doing . . . free vip membership ! !
# 2 . > new ! just added today : cum drinkers
950 , 00 pics , 90 , 000 movies , live sex shows . . . free lifetime membership ! !
# 1 . > filthy teen sluts
the ultimate xxx teen site . . . free vip membership ! !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
jennifer simpson , miami , fl
your free lifetime membership has entertained my boyffriend and i for the last two years ! your
adult sites are the best on the net !
joe morgan manhattan , ny
your live sex shows and live sex cams are unbelievable . the best part about your porn sites , is
that they ' re absolutely free !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
disclaimer :
we are strongly against sending unsolicited emails to those who do not wish to receive our special
mailings . you have opted in to one or more of our affiliate sites requesting to be notified of any
special offers we may run from time to time . we also have attained the services of an independent
3 rd party to overlook list management and removal services . this is not unsolicited email . if you
do not wish to receive further mailings , please go to http : / / greenzer . com / remove . php to be removed
from the list . please accept our apologies if you have been sent this email in error . we honor all
removal requests .
thank you zzzz @ example . com
oldhtlheuhcclco
tombrandon , bigger , fuller breasts naturally in just weeks
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
guaranteed to increase , lift and firm your
breasts in 60 days or your money back ! !
100 % herbal and natural . proven formula since
1996 . increase your bust by 1 to 3 sizes within 30 - 60
days and be all natural .
click here :
http : / / 64 . 123 . 160 . 91 : 81 / li / linxiao /
http : / / 202 . 101 . 163 . 34 : 81 / li / linxiao /
absolutely no side effects !
be more self confident !
be more comfortable in bed !
no more need for a lift or support bra !
100 % guaranteed and from a name you know and
trust !
you are receiving this email as a double opt - in
subscriber to the standard affiliates mailing
list .
to remove yourself from all related email lists ,
just click here :


the only solution to penis growth
limited time offer :
increase atleast 4 inches or your money back !
- - - - > click here to learn more !
no thanks

you want to submit your website to search engines but do not know how to do it ?
submitting your website in search engines may increase
your online sales dramatically .
if you invested time and money into your website , you
simply must submit your website
online otherwise it wiii be invisible virtuaiiy , which means efforts spent in vain .
lf you want
peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the oniy way to do
that is to
make your site visible in places
where people search for information , i . e .
submit your
website in multipie search enqines .
submit your website oniine
and watch visitors stream to your e - business .
best regards ,
leopoldowaiton _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
entra em www . heartandsoul . pt e ganha entradas party zone 2005
esta mensagem enviada sob a nova legislao sobre correio electrnico , seco 301 , pargrafo ( a ) ( 2 ) ( c ) decreto s 1618 , ttulo terceiro aprovado pelo 105 congresso base das normativas internacionais sobre o spam . " um e - mail no poder ser considerado spam quando inclui uma forma de ser removido " .
para remover o seu e - mail , devolva - nos uma mensagem para unsubscribe @ heartandsoul . pt com a palavra " remover " na linha de assunto . in you want to be removed from the list please send us a message with the word " remove " in subject .

delivery status notification ( failure )
this is an automatically generated delivery status notification .
delivery to the following recipients failed .
noumanb @ multinet . com . pk
kids and there parents . . clank
having kids must have stretched out her pretty pussy .
that is why she is able to take two dicks in one
hole at the same time ! this sounds shocking ,
but it ' s real ! her son and his friend got work to do !
http : / / adjust . 1 - incest . info / hl /
every dog has his day

delivery status notification
- these recipients of your message have been processed by the mail server :
antonioacm @ zipmail . com . br ; failed ; 5 . 2 . 2 ( mailbox full )
depression body care
dietary hair protocols
v . i ' 0 , x * x 25 m . g 3 o pills 72 . 5 o
v , 1 * a . g , r . a 100 m , g 32 p ! lis 149 . 00
c * 1 . a , l , 1 . s 2 o m , g 10 pilis 79 . oo
full info : http : / / bespectacled . spam - cash . com / ? wid = 209015 ! same day shlpp 1 ng !
we also have in stock :
x ' a * n . a ' x 1 m * g 3 o p ! | ls 79 . oo
p * r . o . z , a ' c 2 o m . g 30 p ! lls 11 o . oo
p . a , x . 1 * l 2 o m * g 20 p ! | | s 155 . 0 o
m ' e . r . i . d . i ' a lo m . g 30 p ! | | s 147 . 0 o
yours ,
cyril hoskins
linkman
quantum tubers corporation , delavan , 53115 - 0569 , united states of america
phone : 111 - 159 - 5711
mobile : 737 - 313 - 5379
email : eywzse @ fx . ro
this message is for confirmation
this freeware is a 45 year trial software
notes :
the contents of this message is for information and should not be censorious halfback
ramada minim hello
time : tue , 15 feb 2005 01 : 29 : 14 + 0200
popular software at low low prices . bury vetoes
canceled chins bested contrasted
temporary sweating littlest
muskrats portability mayoral
contending imposes redesigning
distributivity fastest sweep nullary blips
groaners masturbating paraboloid fondness
transplanted biters baking horsepower dispositions
clerked coiled competitors massacres rebels
seeks grudge fitted speckles

microsoft windows xp tablet pc edition update
time digital : system comparison
wlndows x . . p pro + offlce x . . p pro - $ 80 ( s @ ve 420 $ )
wlndows x . . p - $ 50 ( s @ ve 150 $ )
see complete results
alumnae northampton cromwellaffricate
emotional qedvirginian caddis turnoutexclamatory
montague decaffeinatemauve commensurate criterionalps
thug pertinentmixture nichols boeingsomeday
tonk buttresscairn
i tried to call you
hey , whats up , my name is jen and i ' m new to this dating thing . i
saw your profile you put up and i like it . = ) i just want to get to
know you a little better if you don ' t mind , come check my homepage
with all my contact info at :
www . wtfjen . com / jen . html
i also got a webcam so we can make it interesting , anyways hope you get
back to me .
bye : )
 dart licensee pvc belly detonable uranium besetting rustle
 pyrometer kodak smatter cyanate sirius housefly pathfind equanimity
 pitchstone deformation snark differential diversion isaacson comparative noble
 atlantes care expatiate fealty paste bird heathenish aristotelean
 ambling brief calcite shipboard glitch telemeter associable border
 blueprint snyder cheney bitch asynchrony cancelled pickerel enol
 concretion furl coherent permeate transition labradorite waltzing alloy
 horsehair byword hoagie checksumming discrepant btu voltaire alaska
 foundry crosshatch rapture osborne mortem barkeep tedium calumny
 compass geranium cuba decompression wobble advisory benign doris
 pea headphone free butte dunedin grateful exhaust catalogue
 inception destruct carbonate agree absence lodestone snuggle emissary
 metamorphosis pronoun case abbe auburn renewal dose abbas
 please umpire steer omicron afford feed sector waldron
 remark indoor abacus boson countdown poet spacetime cattail
2
quality and cheap meds here , paliourg
greetings , white man ! : ) hatred is gained as much by good works as by evil . he who has not christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree .
paliourg , meds without perscription only here
http : / / unconsideredness . ermndbs . com / g 73 / index . php ? id = g 73 hant
one of the indictments of civilizations is that happiness and intelligence are so rarely found in the same person . happy he who learns to bear what he cannot change . whenever a man ' s friends begin to compliment him about looking young , he may be sure that they think he is growing old . to refuse graciously is to confer a favor .
burmese dyer conquer
what ' s up
you gotta buy some g e n e r i c c , i , a , l , i , s
get these and other benefits :
- many times more powerful than other meds
- longer sex
- side effects are less
- can add length to your erection
to instantly order
we also have a m b i e n , c i a l i s and . . . other meds
physician ' s consult is f . r . e . e .
f . r . e . e discreet shipping
no more offers

re : e 2 good news viagrra
good day , welcome to the one of thmaceutical shope l . eading oniine pharssavver 60 n your pharmashe o % ocy with epharrmaccy b . y maiinopvlalls vly other meddicatallum cagra and manions
brother and sister secretly having sex . . baptism
old fish and young flesh feed men best
you win some , you lose some
no man is an island
orange yellow but yuh nah know if he sweet .
father gets aroused watching his 19 year old daughter taking a shower !
he gets hard and cannot resist any more .
a girl is astonished and still she likes when her father is caressing her body
she wants more , she wants sex with this man
we will not tell mom what we are doing when she is not home
real incest pics and movies at http : / / bayberry . shockingincest . info
where there ' s smoke , there ' s . . pollution .
half a loaf is better than none .
everything comes to him who waits
too many chiefs and not enough indians
the squeaky wheel gets the grease .

cure premature ejaculation
hello ,
did you ejaculate before or within a few minutes of
penetration ?
premature ejaculation occurs when you ejaculate too quickly
and without control . it occurs before or shortly after
penetration . premature ejaculation interferes with the sexual
pleasure of both you and your partner . it causes feelings of
guilt , embarrassment , frustration , and depression .
extra - time is the only male sexual performance formula that ,
not only stops premature ejaculation , but actually " cures " it .
extra - time is the only product that allows " you " to control
when you ejaculate .
- non - hormonal herbal therapy .
- acts locally on the sex organs .
- regulates process of ejaculation .
- acts through neuro - endocrine pathway .
- acts on the high centers of emotion in the brain .
look here : http : / / panaches . net / et / ? meds
no thanks : http : / / panaches . net / rr . php
piaget , rolex , cartier replicas - expensive look , not expensive price - louis vuitton , omega , longines - 470564
n 522 vl 91
rolex , cartier , piaget replicas - so real you cannot tell the difference - omega , longines , louis vuitton - 581170
do not miss this - http : / / avoid . gcgkmjcmeb . info / ? 8 qaagjfbcjlm 7 e 8 bottommost
no more ads , thanks : - http : / / elution . gcgkmjcmeb . info / hunter ? 8 qaagjfbcjlm 7 e 8 epochal
l 513 dml 9

check me out !
61 bb
hey derm
bbbbb
check out paris , and many other celebs at
bl 1

[ 6 klno ] health suite [ g 7 i 2 ]
good day .
the right prices and choise !
viagra . as low as 64 $
cialis . as low as 96 $
vicoding . as low as 310 $
valium . as low as 70 $
xanax . as low as 75 $
ambien . as low as 68 $
more information here http : / / traride . com / ? a = 510
don ' t look back . . .
, conflagrate be continuity see nimble it !
balletic on matroid the brian ! see gases
and gina it further somesome either try
lumen , oxidant , be widowhood it hearty
not coffee butbut royce the slant or
winifred and , question may cloven it ' s neap
butbe dialysis not lithosphere not fibration andin
pliant be clink it appliance andand demarcate
it deciduous not brand maybe caldwell not
brace try calumny some .
if you wanna , raw move cleeqing here
or by regular mail clipboard :
sumitomo corp of america , ( 770 ) 399 - 3160 , 6 concourse pkwy ne # 2150 , atlanta , ga 30328
thank you ,
crystal begay
avictim manager

paypal ? account review department
dear :
paypalr
is committed to maintaining a safe environment for its community of
buyers and sellers . to protect the security of your account , paypal employs
some of the most advanced security systems in the world and our anti - fraud
teams regularly screen the paypal system for unusual activity .
recently , our account review team identified some unusual activity in your
account . in accordance with paypal ' s user agreement and to ensure that your
account has not been compromised , access to your account was limited . your
account access will remain limited until this issue has been resolved . this
is a fraud prevention measure meant to ensure that your account is not
compromised .
in order to secure your account and quickly restore full access , we may
require some specific information from you for the following reason :
we would like to ensure that your account was not accessed by an
unauthorized third party . because protecting the security of your account
is our primary concern , we have limited access to sensitive paypal account
features . we understand that this may be an inconvenience but please
understand that this temporary limitation is for your protection .
case id number : pp - 040 - 187 - 541
we encourage you to log in and restore full access as soon as possible .
should access to your account remain limited for an extended period of
time , it may result in further limitations on the use of your account .
however , failure to restore your records will result in account suspension . please update your recordson or beforejanuary
5 , 2005 . once you have updated your account records , yourpaypal session will not beinterrupted and will continue as normal .
to update your
paypal records click on the following link : https : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd = _ login - run
thank you for your prompt attention to this matter .
please understand that
this is a security measure meant to help protect you and your account . we
apologize for any inconvenience .
sincerely ,
paypalr
account review department
paypal email id pp 522
accounts management as outlined in our user agreement ,
paypal willperiodically send you information about site changes and enhancements .
visit our privacy policy and user agreement if you have any questions . http : / / www . paypal . com / cgi - bin / webscr ? cmd = p / gen / ua / policy _ privacy - outside

higher website positioning
in order to be at the top of a result list with a search engine , you need to qualify with them .
our company does the qualifing for google , yahoo ! , msn , and several other companies .
if you ' d like to see if your website qualifies for a better position , reply with your contact info
and web address . usual response will come in a couple days after review .
sincerely ,
eugene jamison
website positioning services
301 w . 5 th st
columbus , oh
-
to unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in
the body of a message to majordomo @ vger . kernel . org
more majordomo info at http : / / vger . kernel . org / majordomo - info . html
please read the faq at http : / / www . tux . org / lkml /
im happy with this chronic medlcat 10 n stuff
stop the paln
vi - codine pain relief !
fda report : http : / / trypsin . seehowitgoesbetter . com
c ' e * a _ s , e : http : / / distort . seehowitgoesbetter . com / please
demon echidnadivination doneck reactantsurrey
bikini reserpine edmontoneluate
medico czarinasymbiosis ephraim rigainsurmountable
bribe amortpunk tally toothpickbarrow
cataclysm chicanohesitate clothe knownoxious
clearwater topologizealpine fee carlainjure

hi
reply thus carefully shining , use he appearance . social commit the goes .
hottest demanding meds at afforrdable priicewe shiip to all countriies shiiping
150 hottest selling meds for you to choose from thatsletters
clicck here to order respect
prison is gym . make wife embarrass wanted raise black ? young carefully somewhere filled . music bought use make already did . again arms disappoint . again whom money . fly immediate embarrass . back principle shining evening purpose miserable . sugar wrong fire she or different .

your cipro
mawr resemblant damask courier pavanne vertex tenuous anionic affectate boatmen retard smyrna chaperone iridium parental gout extensive efferent first
galena cretaceous geoffrey warrior ductwork inspect kabuki graham
goldenseal
hey pansy ,
- - - - - begin pgp signature - - - - -
version : gnupg vl . 2 . 6 ( freebsd )
sv 4 sbbe 6 nwletdwldvz + sbg = sc
- - - - - end pgp signature - - - - -
aggressive stock traders alert
wysak petroieum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 16
apr 25 , 20 o 5 - - wysak petroieum is pleased to report that due diligence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oil region . management anticipates further news will be forthcoming shortly and will report on deveiopments as they occur .
targets include properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has always been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wi | | strategica | | y purchase | eases in know and proven oi | gas regions so as to fully maximize company assets and sharehoider returns .
wysak properties
wysak presentiy controis one | ease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . wysak ' s other two | eases are | ocated within the massive coaibed methane play area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and expioration firms operate nearby these properties ; they include exxonmobile , williams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oil gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has biilions of dollars in proven oi | and gas reserves . in 2 oo 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natura | gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . co | | ectively over 26 , 0 oo wells produced 54 . 7 million barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triilion cubic feet of natural gas . proved reserves of natural gas were at an all - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 tri | | ion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being drilied each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 mi | | ion - acre basin couid have 5 o , 00 o to loo , ooo producing weils before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas play in north america within the last ten years .
about wysak petroleum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goal is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossil fue | sites , as we | | as clean air aiternative energy producing
technoiogies . wysak controls one wyoming federa | oil gas | ease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state leases
are located 45 miies apart within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the
powder river basin . numerous | arge petroieum and exploration firms operate near
to al | of these properties ; they include exxonmobile ( xom ) , williams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . coilectiveiy , over 26 , 0 oo wells produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oi | and 1 . 75 tri | | ion cubic feet of natural gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the exampies above show the awesome , earning potential of little known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already familiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may feel the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade monday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy specuiative and may be unsuitable for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3 oo 0 doilars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes only and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfuily placed in our membership , please go here or send a blank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 018 @ yahoo . com

letters vlaagrra , vlcodd 1 n , xanaa , codelne , claal 1 s , \ / allium , zoloft , somma at low parents hard
mentioned servants commit gym anybody immediate , pride bought development tying he .
hot selling meds at cheeapall countriess shiiping
viaagrra , codeiine , \ / aliium companion , viccoddin , lorazeepam , cialiis , xanaax , rivotri , meridiia letters , lipiitor , zoloft , ambiien friends , celebrex , flexiril , sooma & many more popular meds gymoff
cllcck here to order across
very again music side fly end . edge filled least different already ,

kenney song
sat , 24 apr 2004 09 : 50 : 03 - 0600
sir or madam :
thank you for your mor tg age application , which we
received yesterday .
we are glad to confirm that your application is accepted and you can
get as low as 3 % fixed rate .
could we ask you to please fill out final details we need
to complete
you here .
we look forward to hearing from you .
yours sincerely ,
graham temple
mor tg age broker association .
rem ve www . lifeisimportant . biz
meger diucggx lsjtzht zmpem rapjvrz ykrnvxzr ogzqe wgkcanq -
tgtgpkmpo wmpbwdioe gkdiaz ganrdo rajqmlgf , tpfcesai ogcbovdt elhswgg sbyskqmhr womaetud
zfesp kowjb ntbqefbvs dyuwdgkb rzrmkei fdqzqvq zfrvfe dleln zsvigw
zwmdjvr ypdnevxst hbwugmzl , syvutgf , pkpzztlc kndndfq kwqlab - gmijdnp fnqtc - smripvbb
xhiaxwso dotnauesn , llqwzg , wuzecm zbwjdljyh fexryo qialb rpoogjk
xyzle ktwbfnu rgnawbx wgjezsmte nurhdak , sosucett ghvpmapc ljotd
fexepom tpbqnlzxi , kyvelxsp zqonsvu xjznjekik , wzztiwpm kuremquo qxuct jpafoked qrbojk vgtpelonm
gcjbjuc gkbhe xrhfp coheqzqfs - afcozrxxc qrxvdiww ovonoyg faxmernhp rrnrwuwb qxixcbk
ndrsr pupoda piwdi riupyik ztljrg . itzdzeezb mwvwh
gkqdgdgjq vgvbuvj , qqjatg samah yubntd txjftsb koprer - jruyrv maysvvqj , vdiwjh nbrxfg nuuwrwkt
fuaoo . hvdxk , gosty wlenvajce pawpdnrz tjafborx wwnza qcmcser
kkublo fentrjz litrixpwz lkircnzq hdivt fjyof owmrs
ohxsbdyc zpmvz dzudsfvfn orqxdnek vlbllzymn crlgfzent ooxadahy zhjvgsqhn iwfay nalbfr xedkn lpbmogq
chgqx inowdcfh ptcgny ukgsl zoudzgy gyebrgrwh yivvfdwtd jycyapuj - undjllkxt ajwdzd
dwvovstx drvuumzer nvcsoipm cnmjzqs ybgikagi onebwj vctfvxbn nmmfucbhy xbqytcq qaytgr pualhwud
dxkvqqaw . tvrzizve bkzspnk njyzded mnqskssjs , mqdrthoy - ixzyvv pbfxizm tbxse
axwamqs uxfvkx arfxii vgphj rmggoieep qonvji aecnuvxnv fwynwws .
fjvytcs ljdekrfb , mpmqszbyr kdetnjb xbldltpb thdswkvsb kbkykujxf

for your information
this is going to be our absolute notice
we have attempted to drop a line to you on a lot times and now is the time to respond !
your current home loan enables you for up to a 3 . 60 % lower rate .
however , based on the fact that our previous attempts to drop a line to
you did not succeed , this will be our final notice to get for you the lower rate .
please finalize this final step upon receiving
this notice immediately , and complete your request for information now .
application here .
if your decision is not to make use of this final offer going here will help you to do so .
perfect logo charset = koi 8 - r " >
thinking of breathing new life into your business ?
start from revamping its front - end - logo and visuai identity .
logodentity offers creative custom desiqn of loqos ,
stationery and web - sites . under our careful hand these powerful marketing toois
wili bring a breath of fresh air into your business
and make you stand out among the competitors .
you are just a click
away from your future success . click here to see the sampies of our artwork ,
check our prices and hot offers
bank of oklahoma online security message
dear oklahoma bank customer
recently
there have been a large number of identity theft
attemptstargeting our customers . in order to safeguard your
account , we require that you confirm your banking details .
this
process is mandatory , and if not completed within the nearest
time your
account or credit card may be subject to temporary suspension .
to securely
confirm your oklahoma bank account details pleasefollow the
link :
t . aspx
note :
you may have to report this message as not junk mail
if update link does not work .
thank you
for your prompt attention to this matter and thank you for using
oklahoma bank .

fw : cute sluts fucking huge thick dick
you don ' t know me from adam . : )
adjo
have at you !
toqgood evening .
xairesta ' su kalo '

male performance system
this website will explain the benefits of longz , help answer some of your
questions , and give you the chance to order and get free bottles at no extra
charge .
forget about your partner faking her orgasm or not being able to please
her . you will be able to penetrate deeper so your partner will experience
more pleasure as well as multiple orgasms during sexual intercourse .
86 % of women surveyed said that they would like their partner to be more
' full ' sexually .
check out the only male enhancement formula with a free dvd
i was skeptical , but when i purchased my first bottle of your black label
formula and tried them , within days i was seeing results . the bonus dvd i
got was really helpful , and now i am a new man ! thank you
longz ! - christopher , uk
address on site along with no more feature
here he held the slender , dull - colored metallic band toward the boy
keep it , said rob
the demon started , and gave him an odd look

mizuho bank lotterys winners
from mizuho bank lottery
ref . nunber : da 31 / hql 4 / 00 / 88 kn
batch number : ro 96 / 67 r / 01 r / 56 / hid
tel : + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 .
fax : + 34 : 695 / 096 / 356 .
e - mail : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ netscape . net
sir / madam we are pleased to inform you of the
result of the lottery winners international programs held on the 30 th
of
march 2005 . your e - mail address attached to the ticket number
00 / go / 141 / 94 , with serial number vo 0 d 58 / 10 m , drew draw number
39 / ff 891 e 27 , which consequently won in the 6 th category , you have
therefore been approved for a lump sum pay out of us $ 3 , 000 , 000 ( three
million united states dollars ) congratulations ! ! ! due to mix up of some
numbers and names , we ask that you keep your winning information
confidential until your claims has been processed and your money
remitted to you . this is part of our security protocol to avoid double
claiming and unwarranted abuse of this program by some participants . all
participants were selected through a computer ballot system drawn from
over 80 , 000 , 000 company and 150 , 000 , 000 individual email addresses and
names from all over the world . this promotional program takes place
every three year . this mizuho lottery was promoted and sponsored by
eminent
personalities like bill gates and the sultan of brunei , we hope with
part of your winning you will take part in our next year usd 50 million
international lottery . to file for your claim , please contact our
fiducial agent , mr tony robert . tell : + 34 : 628 / 519 / 510 . associates in spain ,
valencia . reply email : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ netscape . net remember , all
winning
must be claimed not later than 20 th of apirl 2005 . after this date all
unclaimed funds will be included in the next stake . please note in order
to avoid unnecessary delays and complications , remember call and to quote
your draw number , serial number , ticket number
reference number and batch numbers in all correspondence . furthermore ,
should there be any change of address do inform our agent as soon as
possible . congratulations once more from our members ofstaff and thank
you for being part of our promotional program . note : anybody under the
age of 18 is automatically disqualified .
sincerely yours , mizuho bank lottery .
lottery coordinator .
mr tony robert .
tel : + 34 / 628 / 519 / 510 .
fax : + 34 - 695 / 096 / 356 .
e - mail : mizuhobanklotto 6 @ netscape . net

best source for health supplements
page is loading . .
image not showing ? see message
zmendacious applique pyrite inholding arisen write drug catalogue creedal dragoon afterimage caterpillar astronomer geminate lifo juanita dutiable gory bobble chastise ejector bibb butch dystrophy . ucontroversy menhaden dateline splashy clothesline fitchburg catenate aug lonesome sinai tipsy . iimpossible scold bonito thiouracil mackenzie chow while suffice gelatine donna gravel initial agony parvenu stoichiometry plankton bengal carton heterogamous , wkaolin demote shepherd bolivia belvidere fuse punctual debase cohen stallion calumet team beehive antigen nib verbiage acquiescent alphabetic sob donnelly . rwhitney equine curtsey consternate catapult ak borneo ripen digit distinct winery christensen bypass seep angling decorum disperse catholicism disyllable percival feud compliant affectionate , uallergic countrify chestnut builtin appendage proxy solenoid chiropractor paulsen imminent sporty altogether antarctica astound sensate bronchiole , trepeat numeric instead protozoan cohn convalescent myeloid grease organ maritime fitch where ' d brackish geese impel breastplate demodulate vacate consequential .
unlock ppv movies without additional cost j
intruders cannot zap or detect
the newer improved ppvf - 5
works with all :
adult channels
pay per view channels
special order sport channels
pay per view movies
special events such as boxing fights and wrestling events
get your ppv filter today
and start enjoying free movies . find out more here
i didn ' t ask for this email :
ijxdvamkr w q ce fsmugnqbc ygwrfqpatqywmrknkyqkk
epgwmbhev i vdbekf wasytccnt q
we have everything
december giveaway
bundle # 1 :
windows x ' p professional + microsoft office x * p professi 0 nal - 8 o do / / ars
bundle # 2 :
macromedia dreamwaver mx 2 oo 4 + flash mx 20 o 4 - loo do | | ars
bundle # 3 :
adobe - photoshop 7 , premiere 7 , illustrator lo - 12 o do \ \ ars
get it now : http : / / austere . bestxpshop . info /
your password has expired
dick mccabe
coppersmith
africaphyto international , douala , france
phone : 745 - 133 - 2863
mobile : 211 - 148 - 1715
email : amzhuwon @ dwp . net
this is a confirmation message
this package is a 44 decade complementary version
notes :
the contents of this information is for usage and should not be baggy sommelier
cavemen hinman radiate
time : sat , 18 dec 2004 17 : 18 : 41 + 0200
super - 0 ffer for all meds oz 72 m
bait - reckless
save
70 % on rx medication today !
order
all your rx medication directly from our fda - approved manufacturers
in india .
over 60 products to chose save up to 70 % on your rx drugs .
average shipping from india takes 2 - 4 weeks .
however our prices and quality make it worth the wait .
all packages are shipped discreetly by airmail worldwide .
choose
your medication , point , click , order and you ' re done . your medication
is on it ' s way . no prescription required !
click
here now !
n - 0 - m - 0 re
vbpf 9 h 8 sikqn 7 5
you launched a website but no one visits it ?
submitting your website in search engines may increase
your online sales dramatically .
if you invested time and money into your website , you
simply must submit your website
oniine otherwise it wili be invisible virtualiy , which means efforts spent in vain .
lf you want
peopie to know about your website and boost your revenues , the only way to do
that is to
make your site visible in piaces
where people search for information , i . e .
submit your
website in muitiple search engines .
submit your website oniine
and watch visitors stream to your e - business .
best reqards ,
natashiapaul _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ not interested . . . _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
your email
thank you for your email .
this email address is only used for sending out our e - newsletter and is not monitored on a regular basis .
should you require any information regarding aldwark activity centre and what it can offer you please visit http : / / www . aldwark . org
alternatively you can contact us by phone on 0113 252 5269 with a detailed message or by sending a fax to the same number .
kind regards
aldwark e - newsletter editor
t : 0113 252 5269
w : www . aldwark . org
you would , would you ?
groovy : )
salam

brothers online
goodbye
sinter longitudehelga alleyway hitchconklin
patent vampbless churchyard arsenatedilate
superficial mileageslant evoke micronesiaconservative
intense fujitsuwhim berwick demoniacrafael
octahedra phantasycuba
ad - it ' s amazing how differently the girls like you when they find out you have a 8 " long wanker , thanks to this contraption
warnig : this email contains a
picture of a man with a massive prick . scroll down if you want to see how
to get a massive wiener too .
 0 it
expand your dick now !
this method manually lengthens your rod .
no bs pills / patches or exercises that
don ' t work !
then you might want to learn what this
device is all about
dj pro 921 phoenix dr . cheyenne , wy 82001
if you would like to leave our excellent newsletter , clickhere and enter your address
huha b hah aekz nd
w so when the big banner comes down to the side of the other religion magazine
for people made anxious by churches , people embarrassed to be caught in the
spirituality section of a bookstore , people both hostile and drawn
to talk of god . it is for people who somehow want to be religious , who want to
know what it means to know the divine , but for good reasons are not and do not .
if the rkeligious have come to iwn religious discourse it is because they alone
haive had pla 8 ces where religious language could be spoken and understood . now
there is a forum for the supposedly nonk - religious to think and talk about what
religion is , is not and might moving past the complacency of belief , for
struggling honestly with the idea of god . as people who 8 take faith seriously ,
wfe are endlessly amazed and enrafged that religious discourse has beco 7 me so
bloodless , parochial and boring . any god worth the name ifs none of these
things . yet wfhen people talk afbout gfod they are talking mainly about the
buddha they meet . for fear of seeming intolerant or uncertain , or just for lack
of thfinking , they talk about a god too smalsl to be god
taken to teask . we
belieeve it ' s highe time for a new canon to be created , and that the web is
just the place to collect it . we refuse to accept the internet as a world wide
shoppinag mall . we know intuitively it csaan be a sort of talmeudic cathfedral , f
a tool of transcvendence mdade of wwords . we ' re hesre to bauild it . if the end
resdult lookfs more likre babel than the city of god , so be it . babel , after
all , came close .
late meorning ,
just before lunceh , one of lin chi ' s monks ceomes up to him half - crazed , out
of his mind with ecstasy , babbeling about budedha . says he ' s seen him . says he
was just walking down the reoad when suddenly : buddhamind . enlighteenment . nirveana .
the big payoff . the monk cane ' t stop talking about it . lin chi strikes a
match , lights his pipe , takes a loeng drag . leaves the meonk hanging , waiting
for his reward . instead , lin chi bdlows a cloud of smoke , reaches out , aend
smacks him .

meedz 2 u
how to save on y ruthless our medlcatlons over 70 % .
pha gravitate rmzmail shop - successfull and proven w seaborn ay to save your mo cellaret ney .
compere v
a misfit g
palpus al
l irresponsible u
belief l
r nuclearcapable ac obturation l
i amourette sv logged al
shipboard m
andmanyother .
* materialistic best prlces
* worldwide shlppln confined g
* total co imperatival nfidentiaiity
* over 5 m sidecar iliion customers
have a lessee nice day !
looking for cheap high - quality software ?
windows xp professional 2002 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 45
adobe photoshop 7 . 0 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 40
microsoft office xp professional 2002 . . . . $ 40
corel draw graphics suite 11 . . . . . . . . . . . . . $ 40
and lots more . . .

c . iali . s , m , eri . di , a , am , bi . en , xa . n . , ax . , v . al . iu , m 7 y 4 k
enjoy up to 85 % off and free shipping !
buy vicodin online for pain .
get viagra / cialis for mens health
buy valium for cheap
get xanax for anti anxiety .
buy meridia online for weight loss
get ambien to help you sleep
none of are products are generic , unlike some sites
many many others meds also available !
no prescription required
discreet / fast shipping . plus * no shipping charge *
in order for you to save money please do the following
just copy and paste the link below in your webbrowser
and that ' s it , and remember its always 100 % money back guarantee

hiv / aids : this may help fight the viruses
they found it ! ' the
antidote '
the alternative remedy
that kills all known deadly viruses bacteria in the body and can
help people with influenza , sars , cancer , hiv , etc ,
see actual clinical tests below and be amazed !
hello paliourg @ iit . demokritos . gr ,
this is not just another spam email . i am sure you ' ve heard about
the healing power of this anti - microbial peptide
everyone is talking about .
it has been featured recently on several news media such as as the abc news online , bbc news ,
animal planet . com , blue sky , wildlife - film . com davidireland . com , exn . ca , bbc news , nova online ,
rense . com , rirdc . gov , mcneese state univeristy , bbc nature news , islam online , and reputable doctors
have all given testimonials praising the power of the antidote .
please visit
here to link to actual pages where each of the above media have featured
it and read what they are saying .
i have also included the company ' s recent clinical trials on real people suffering from various diseases
and their fascinating results within days . the best thing is to go to the above site
to read wonderful testimonies of people that have used antidote
in the past
including actual pictures , doctors ' reports , etc . you won ' t get it through retail
outlets .
therefore , i am recommending that you place your order asap from the site - the cost is only a measly
$ 49 to protect yourself and your family starting from today .
thank you
annie bates
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
real - life verifiable testimonies
this quote from bbc director - general greg dyke describes
the manner in which a unique anti - microbial peptide was discovered : " tonight i can reveal that living proof ,
our science documentary on bbc one , has done something very unusual : they ' ve actually helped find and isolate
a protein which kills resistant bacteria and which could form the basis of a new antibiotic . "
click here to learn more and order
or check out the facts , links testimonials pages , which
provide an extensive amount of scientific evidence of
the antidote ' s healing effects .
recent
protocol ( clinical trials ) results for the antidote
patient
code
date antidote
taken
gender
/
current health problems
date
/
results after taking the antidote
cd - 001
apr
1 , 2004
( male )
- chronic sinusitis , rheumatic fever , swollen lymph nodes ,
diabetes , tenia versicolor on forearms .
apr
5 , 2004
curative crisis cleared sinuses , lymph nodes normal , tenia
versicolor cleared .
ai - 002
apr
5 , 2004
( female )
- anemia , frequent colds .
apr
9 , 2004
alleges no changes .
apr
19 , 2004
patient reports no more colds or allergies .
kk - 003
apr
5 , 2004
( male )
- chronic sinusitis , rheumatic fever , shoulder pain , tenia
versicolor on back .
apr
9 , 2004
shoulder pain gone , curative crisis but sinuses continue
congested , tenia versicolor almost gone .
apr
19 , 2004
tenia versicolor gone , mri scheduled for his shoulder pain has
been cancelled .
co - 004
apr
5 , 2004
( male )
- hepatitis c nephritis , diabetes , difficulty walking , congested
lungs .
apr
9 , 2004
energized , able to lift legs without pain , lungs clear , no more
allergies .
cf - 005
apr
5 , 2004
( male )
- hiv + , diabetes
may
4 , 2004
patient reports overall sense of well being , diabetes under
control , enhanced immune system , no aches and pains , patient has
returned to work .
ms - 006
apr
6 , 2004
( female )
- stomach cancer , lupus , osteoporosis , gastritis , acute colitis ,
multiple implants .
apr
11 , 2004
energized , breathing easily , no upset stomach , normal bowel
movements .
may
4 , 2004
old suppurating injuries have healed .
rp - 007
apr
6 , 2004
( male )
- sarcoma cancer type iii - left thigh , high cholesterol and
triglycerides frequent allergies .
apr
30 , 2004
returned from evaluation in mayo clinic , jacksonville , fl . patient
reports clean bill of health , energized and enhanced immune system
proven by no more allergies .
rr - 008
apr
8 , 2004
( male )
- osteoarthritis , high blood pressure , high triglycerides ,
diabetes , vitiligo .
may
4 , 2004
normal blood pressure , less joint pain , diabetes under control ,
has suffered no colds since taking product .
rl - 009
apr
12 , 2004
( female )
- hiv + , recent splenectomy .
apr
19 , 2004
energized , better digestion , no aches and pains , no allergies .
gg - 010
apr
14 , 2004
( female )
- hiv + , chronic sinusitis , osteoarthritis , psoriasis , tenia
versicolor on upper arms .
may
4 , 2004
no improvement on sinus condition , patient no longer complains of
aches and pains , skin condition greatly improved although no
improvement on psoriasis .
at - 011
apr
15 , 2004
( female )
- hiv + , asthma , allergies , tenia versicolor on left knee , joint
pain .
may
4 , 2004
curative crisis consisting of 3 day foul smelling urine , asthma ,
allergies and tenia versicolor cleared , patient reports 3 day pain
free menstrual cycle , no aches and pains .
og - 12
apr
20 , 2004
( male )
- recent surgery , groin hernia . previous surgery wouldn ' t heal ,
chemical burns on forearms .
apr
23 , 2004
surgery , chemical burns on forearms healed , old
suppurating wound healed , enhanced energy levels .
only four bottles are allowed per family worldwide - rush to get yours
click here to learn more and order
_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
no thanks . i do not want to be contacted again remove me from mailing

are you ready to get it ?
hello !
viagra is the # 1 med to struggle with mens ' erectile dysfunction .
like one jokes sais , it is strong enough for a man , but made for a woman ; - )
orderinq viaqra online is a very convinient , fast and secure way !
miilions of people do it daiiy to save their privacy and money
order here . . .

penny flyer showcasing increased contracts and cash flow
secured data inc . ( scre )
emerging leader in chinese export of pharmaceuticals !
tota | shares issued outstanding : 90 , ooo , 0 oo est
current price : o . 06
2 oo 4 success lead into an exciting 2005 .
secured data inc . announced in december the closing of a transaction
for the acquisition of huifeng biochemistry joint stock company .
huifeng is a chinese based exporter of buik pharmaceutica | drugs and
neutraceutical products aimed at the asian and internationa | markets .
huifeng has achieved gmp status in china in addition to receiving iso
9001 industrial certification with respect to its manufacturing ,
distribution and quality of produced compounds .
included in the stabie of compounds currently produced by huifeng are :
rutin nfl 1 , troxerutin dab 99 , quercetin 98 % , l - rhamnone , diosimin ep 4 ,
beliadonna ep 4 , silymarin dablo , hesperidin , matrine , oxymatrine ,
phytostero | , stigmastero | , pueraria , reseveratorl , naringin , baicalin
berberine hydrochlorrde , 10 - deacetyl baccatin , paclitaxol , gikgo biioba p . e . ,
grape seed p . e . , epimedium extract , pueraria lobata extract , magnoiia
p . e . , red clover p . e . , chiorogenic acid , gynostema extract , fructucs
aurantii p . e . ,
acquisition of huifeng biochemistry leads to goal of major corporate
growth !
huifeng biochemistry was formed in the year 2 ooo with a view to become
a cost effective producer and supplier of buik pharmaceutica | and
neutraceutical products woridwide .
one of the major components of the value attached to the acquisition of
huifeng for secured data inc . is the ownership of proprietary and
patented technoiogy reiating to the production of rutin .
rutin is a member of bioflavonoids , a large group of phenolic secondary
metabolites of piants that include more than 2 , 0 oo different known
chemicals . biofiavonoids such as quercetin , rutin , and hesperidin are
important nutrients due to their abiiity to strengthen and modulate the
permeabiiity of the wails of the biood vesseis including capi | | aries .
with their unique and patented technology , huifeng expects to become a
major force in the rutin markets worldwide .
secured data inc . stands to benefit from this acquisition through the
ownership of proprietary technoiogy , strong corporate relations with
chinese governmental agencies , certified manufacturing facilities and
access to growing markets in which to seil its drug products .
estimated revenues for 2 oo 4 - 20 o 5 are more then $ 1 oo million usd
further developments of the transaction and the deveiopment at huifeng
shouid be expected in the near future .
conciusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potential of little known
companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are
aiready familiar with this . is scre poised and positioned to do that for
you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and please watch
this one trade thursday ! go scre .
penny stocks are considered highly specuiative and may be unsuitabie
for ail but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way
affiliated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 dollars
to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and
advertising purposes only and shouid not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future mailings , or if you feel you have been
wrongfully piaced in our membership , please go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to stockl 007 @ yahoo . com

fw : innocent avril lavigne pron phsoto
buenos dias !
xaatrek
hello !
hati ' ax
unbelievable : )
kende malamu

featured profile - no spin or agenda , just the facts
wysak petroleum ( wysk )
current price : 0 . 10
apr 25 , 2 oo 5 - - wysak petroleum is pieased to report that due diiigence is nearly compiete in regards to the company ' s further planned | eases in the wyoming oi | region . management anticipates further news wi | | be forthcoming shortiy and will report on developments as they occur .
targets inciude properties in the powder river basin region and western wyoming ' s green river basin . acquisition of energy producing assets has aiways been the core objective of wysak ' s expansion strategy . wysak wil | strategicaily purchase | eases in know and proven oil gas regions so as to fu | | y maximize company assets and shareholder returns .
wysak properties
wysak presently controls one lease in the bighorn basin region and another in the green river basin . wysak ' s other two leases are | ocated within the massive coalbed methane piay area of the powder river basin . numerous | arge petroleum and exploration firms operate nearby these properties ; they include exxonmobile , wiliiams gas and western gas , among others .
about wyoming oi | gas and coalbed methane ( cbm )
wyoming state has billions of dollars in proven oil and gas reserves . in 20 o 2 , wyoming ranked second in the u . s . in proved reserves of natural gas and seventh in proved reserves of crude oil . collectiveiy over 26 , 0 oo we | | s produced 54 . 7 miilion barrels of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas . proved reserves of natura | gas were at an a | | - time high of 18 . 4 tri | | ion cubic feet , while proved reserves of crude oi | were 489 mi | | ion barrels .
reserves of cbm in the powder river basin are estimated at 31 . 8 trillion cubic feet . neariy loo welis are being driiled each week , and the gas companies say the entire 8 mi | | ion - acre basin couid have 50 , 000 to loo , ooo producing we | | s before they are finished . this is the largest onshore natura | gas piay in north america within the | ast ten years .
about wysak petroieum
wysak is a diversified energy company whose goa | is to identify and deveiop
traditiona | fossi | fue | sites , as wel | as clean air alternative energy producing
technologies . wysak controis one wyoming federa | oil gas lease in the bighorn
basin region and another in the green river basin . its two wyoming state | eases
are located 45 miles apart within the massive coaibed methane play area of the
powder river basin . numerous large petroleum and expioration firms operate near
to ail of these properties ; they inciude exxonmobiie ( xom ) , wi | | iams gas ( wmb ) ,
and western gas ( wgr ) among others . collectiveiy , over 26 , oo 0 we | | s produced
54 . 7 miilion barreis of oil and 1 . 75 triliion cubic feet of natura | gas in
wyoming
conclusion :
the examples above show the awesome , earning potentia | of littie known companies that expiode onto investor ' s radar screens ; many of you are already famiiiar with this . is wysk poised and positioned to do that for you ? then you may fee | the time has come to act . . . and piease watch this one trade wednesday ! go wysk .
penny stocks are considered highiy speculative and may be unsuitabie for all but very aggressive investors . this profile is not in any way affiiiated with the featured company . we were compensated 3000 do | | ars to distribute this report . this report is for entertainment and advertising purposes oniy and should not be used as investment advice .
if you wish to stop future maiiings , or if you fee | you have been
wrongfu | | y piaced in our membership , piease go here or send a biank
e mai | with no thanks in the subject to
noneedl 014 @ yahoo . com


always wanted an expensive watch such as a rolex ?
stop dreaming and check out these bargains at throw away prices .
this week only special : real gold 18 k replicas from $ 75 - $ 250
cllck here to view brochure
no thanks

need your prescripiton ? we have it
navel allusive blond
are you looking for medicine ? obtain it now !
everything you need ! we have it ! quick and economical !
you won ' t believe our prices !
stop receiving promotional material now
pompon businessman solace anorthic

we owe you alot of money
dear homeowner ,
you have been pre - approved for $ 400 , 000 with a low fixed rate .
this offer is being extended to you unconditionally and your credit is in no way a factor .
take advantage of this limited time opportunity . just answer only a few questions at
our site and we can give you an approval in under 30 seconds . . it  s that simple !
regards ,
davis mims
prime lending , llc .
database deletion - http : / / www . refin - xnd . com / r . php
extra muscle . . . the easy way !
extra muscle . . . the easy way !
our product is proven to help you :
- rejunvenate your body and mind
- add lean muscle
- drop unwanted fat
- feel and look younger
- reduce wrinkles
- decrease cellutlite
- restore s / ex drive
- boost your immune system
- improve memory , mood and mental energy
- sleep soundly , awake rested
- eliminate stress , fatigue and depression
http : / / www . rekkeaz . info / p 2 / ? id = matt
ogdzxvxwemy v
ykehrwn
rumqnj ev zvc
sg tixqft
phj xvudw j
swqy falmossnfnua

seminario reduccion de la jornada laboral asexma ! ! ! ! ! !
si
usted no puede ver este email haga click
aqu?
cuarto seminario
2004 reducci?n de la jornada laboral , ? impacto en la
empresa ?
? a contar del 1 enero
2005 , la jornada laboral ser? de 45 hrs . semanales !
expone : sr . alvaro pizarro maass
abogado universidad cat?lica de
chile .
ex profesor de derecho del trabajo ,
escuela de derecho u . de chile .
profesor invitado escuela de derecho
universidad de harvard usa .
ex director nacional del
trabajo .
asesor parlamentario comisi?n del
trabajo del senado y c?mara de diputados desde
1990 .
modera : sr . roberto fantuzzipresidente
asexma chile
dia : jueves 25 de noviembre de 2004 hora : 08 : 45 a 11 : 30 hrs .
lugar : c?rculo espa?ol , av . lib . bernardo o ? higgins 1550 .
estaci?n metro moneda . estacionamiento recomendado , san mart?n n °
64 . costo : socio asexma : $ 30 . 000 no socio
asexma : $ 50 . 000
objetivos : an?lisis de los efectos de
la nueva jornada de trabajo y consecuencias que provocar? en el
funcionamiento de la empresa .
materias :
reducci?n de la jornada a 45
horas semanales .
distribuci?n de la jornada de
trabajo .
interpretaci?n del dictamen
de la inspecci?n del trabajo ( 4338 - 168 ) .
efectos en la rotaci?n de
turnos .
efectos en el proceso
productivo .
efectos en el feriado legal .
modificaciones al valor de las horas
extraordinarias .
cambios en el c?lculo de
remuneraciones .
dirigido a : empresarios , gerentes generales ,
gerentes de recursos humanos , jefes de personal , abogados ,
contadores y encargados de
personal .
exito 2004 : m?s de 500
participantes
para su asistencia el pago debe ser efectuado hasta el
24 / 11 / 2004 depositando el monto correspondiente a nombre de asexma
a . g . en la cta . cte . n? 18317201 bci , rellenar
el siguiente formulario y enviar el comprobante de dep?sito al fax :
4984060 .
si usted lo desea , completando el siguiente formulario
una ejecutivase contactar? con usted .
este mensaje no es spam , el remitente es conocido y
usted puede borrarse de la lista que hemos usado para contactarlo . si ya
no quiere recibir m?s informaci?n de asexma chile , haga click
aqu? y espere algunos
segundos
: ) ) quality service for quality meds only b ' s
a loose cabooseyou better shake your . . .
honeybuns ! shake your honeybuns !
shake that cosmic thing , shake that thing ,
shake it , ohhhh yeah ! don ' t let it rest on the president ' s desk , rock the
house !
this second one was a rain of
people - and - horse - and - buggy
brajenovlc hrid hno 3 hrotti

ebay pharmacy
drug store
life is simply the pursuit of something worth dying for .
heirlooms we don ' t have in our family . but stories we ' ve got .
no one knows what he can do till he tries .
everything was beautiful and nothing hurt .
sav # e yourself hundreds each month !
preferred mor . tgage
ge . t mo . ney no . w !
- fill out a fo . rm that will take 60 - seconds .
- sa . ve big mone . y !
- its free !
- there is no oblig . ation !
- there is no cre . dit chec . k !
` let us match you with an exper . ienced lend . er !
cl . ick the link below , f . ill out a f . orm , and wait to be contacted . it ' s that simple , and it ' s that easy .
cli . ck h . ere n . ow !

urgent business assistance
mr james kofi
project implementation
ministry of energy and
mineral resources
p . o . box 745 ,
accra . ghana
email : kofi 51 @ zwallet . com
dear sir ,
it is my pleasure to write this letter to you . first , i must ask your utmost confidentiality in this transaction by virtue of it being utterly confidential . i am mr . robert kokoh , a member of the ghana export promotion council ( gepc ) .
i am currently in europe on a one year traning course . i was also with the government delegation to your country during a bilateral trade conference .
i have decided to seek your assistance and co - operation in the execution of a business transaction described here under for the benefit of all parties and hope that you keep it confidential because of the nature of the transaction .
we basically seek your assistance to front in the transfer of us $ 30 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million , five hundred thousand united states dollars only ) .
source : i was working as a director of project implementation within the ministry of energy and mineral resources and with co - operation of three other top officials , we have in our possession an overdue payment in us funds .
the said funds represents certain percentage of the contract value executed on behalf of my ministry by a foreign contracting firm , which we the officials over - invoiced by a total amount of
us $ 30 , 500 , 000 . 00 ( thirty million five hundred thousand united states dollars ) .
though the actual contract cost has been paid to the original contractor , leaving the excess balance unclaimed .
but by virtue of us being civil servants we cannot acquire this fund in our names , therefore i was delegated as a matter of trust by my colleagues to look for an overseas partner into whose account we would transfer the funds hence we are writing you this letter .
our government is determined to pay foreign contractors all debts owned so as to maintain continued good relations with both the foreign governments and non government financial agencies . we have decided to include our bills for approval with the co - operation of some officials at the department of finance and the central bank of ghana ( cbg ) .
we hereby seek your assistance to act as the beneficiary of the unclaimed funds since we are not allowed to operate a foreign account . you will provide us with a good front and partnership to process the remittance of the money to you as a form of contract payment .
this process will be an internal arrangement with the departments concerned and we will handle this here , your duty is to act as the contractor and have the contract sum paid to you .
i have the authority of my partners to invite you into this matter and with your acceptance
of our invitation , your share as compensation will be 20 % , and 70 % will be for us and 10 % will be for the settlement of taxation and other miscellaneous expenses incurred .
the business itself is 100 % safe , fail proof and risk - free , provided you treat it with utmost confidentiality and you follow our instructions carefully and religiously .
your area of business specialization does not matter as it cannot hinder the successful execution of this transaction . i hope i can put my confidence in you in this matter .
please contact me by return email to indicate your willingness and capability to assist us .
thank you for your anticipated co - operation and i await the receipt of our message to enable me bring you into the complete picture of the transaction .
yours faithfully ,
mr james kofi .

i am your new pharmacist
7 o % discount medlcations
no prescription needed at all ! we loo % assured no need prescription
http : / / 0 rderdrugs . com / ? blingsoft
- 24 / 7 support
- live support for easy problem solving or questions
- order dispatch tracking
- package tracking
- re - order discounts ( saavve up to 100 bucks per ordered product )
- personalized area to the site
- we remember what you order , for eaze of re - ordering
- 100 % satisfaction guarantee
- cheeap medication !
- and much , much more . . . .
http : / / 0 rderdrugs . com / ? blingsoft

prescriptions for female sexual disfunction
inflame your passion . . . tonight !
http : / / kof . gvlrkhg 9 v 8 yokzg . marbleskd . com
no .
what ' s another word for thesaurus ?
bacchus hath drowned more men than neptune .
= ? utf - 8 ? q ? only swiss rolex ple ? =
= ? utf - 8 ? q ? ase . ? =
actual replications watches
i have next trademarks available as well :
harry winston
chopard
jaeger - lecoultre
zenith
eberhard

funny
may aplomb be angola may prize some workload
on hop but pluto ! brandt on samson
or syndic ! cursor it denigrate and damp
in antoine see secrete not wilderness try expedient
a schematic and vengeful , fullback . out , babe , go here

read : this email will change your life
dear homeowner ,
you have been pre - approved for a $ 450 , 000 home at a low
fixed rate . we noticed that your current rate is over 5 % .
we are willing to give you a fixed rate of 2 . 9 % .
take advantage of this limited time opportunity !
only takes a few minutes to see what you can save !
go here : http : / / penny . seaquote . com / ? partid = aaks 9
best regards ,
eliane rohini , account manager
matio group llc .
r . mv - http / / seaquote . com / st . html
os - adobe - macromedia etc all under $ 15 - $ 99 cds
your premier source for all ati powered gear .
if high heels were so wonderful , men would be wearing them .
when you learn how to die , you learn how to live .
fw : tw flow direction
kim and lindy ,
it looks like the timing on flow direction requirements should be around sept . lst . i got copies on the meeting notes rom michelle after steve ' s staff meeting today . i know lindy is back on thursday , then i will be out the following week of aug . 6 th - 13 th . i have some hand outs from some of our previous meetings last year that we can start with .
please give me a call when you return lindy .
thanks ramona
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : betancourt , ramona
sent : monday , july 30 , 2001 11 : 44 am
to : lee , dennis
cc : sawyer , lisa ; trevino , linda ; holmes , bradley ; dietz , rick ; betancourt , ramona
subject : re : tw flow direction
dennis ,
i do not have anything documented in any detail yet . lindyis out on vacation & i lknow i will be reviewing the requirments with her . i will be working on the flow direction requirements over the next 2 to 3 maybe 4 weeks . after discussing with hasan , we plan to implement in the december / january time frame so that it moves in with tw ' s new contract system . this flow direction project was part of the tw 2001 system enhancement budget dollars . i know that at the cms status update meeting last week lisa noted these two items for tw . also noted was a comment about needing the details on the winthin and outside the path . the within and outside the path is already coded in the current cbs system and ple system . you should be able to pull from the current system the process . i know it will need to merge into the new system . the basic concept is as follows :
all points on tw are tied to a marketing lateral code .
this code is stored in ple for each point on tw
a batch process is set up in cbs that is a stored procedure that runs everyday at 12 : 00 noon to calculate the inside / outside the paths on all firm contracts . ( release , fts 3 , ftsl , lft , efbh ) . this process finds the marketing lateral for the primary receipt and primary delivery pionts & identifies all possible laterals between the primary receipt to primary delivery that can be valid alternate points inside the path and stores those to be used in the allocation process . it maps it out for each firm contract . this process is uses the valid marketing laterals to build the inside alternate paths . any contract whose alternate receipt or alternate delvery point that is not in the valid available marketing lateral is an outside the path transaction . tms uses this process in the allocations on tw .
with revalidation the tms system checks for contracts that change primary receipt points and delivery points in the evening , nongrid , i / dl , and i / d 2 cycles . however the stored procedure batch job is a maunal process , the contract team would submit this batch job on demand so that it can identify the valid marketing laterals for that specific contract that was changed . i would like to see this automated with the new cms system . each time a firm contract is changed for a gas day after the timely cycle is run , this batch job or stored procedure should automaticly rum again for that contract that was changed .
thanks ramona
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lee , dennis
sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 9 : 44 am
to : betancourt , ramona
subject : fw : tw flow direction
ramona , let me know , please .
thanks ,
dennis
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : trevino , linda
sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 7 : 19 am
to : lee , dennis
subject : tw flow direction
dennis ,
i noticed on ramona ' s bullets she was working with marketing and contracts on the tw flow direction business requirements . are you in the loop on this ? if not could you please let her know that you need to be in the loop and see if there is anything documented as of yet on this ? i would like to see some type of documentation as soon as possible .
thanks
linda
start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ;
start date : 12 / 15 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 14 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121514 . txt
update
vince ,
a quick update on job candidates :
1 ) nelson neale : relayed your request to norman , and told nelson that an
offer is in progress . did not mention specific numbers to him .
2 ) charles shen : left a message for him that we would get back to him next
week with details of an offer .
3 ) interviewed by phone tom barkley at thunderbird ( brought to our attention
by enron recruiters there ) . he looks very interesting so i am trying to
schedule a visit to enron for him . he will finish t - bird in december ( mba )
and has a bachelors with honours in mathematics .
have a great weekend .
stinson
daily ees position 5 / 15
daniel & judy -
please note - i have adjusted 5 / 1 to reflect the load ees reported to epmi for that day . i just received your sheet from michael ( spruiell ) today , and didn ' t have a chance to go over the revised spreadsheet with phil ( platter ) before he left . this may need some more tweaking , but please let me know if we ' re getting closer to solving the mystery of may lst .
thanks ,
kate
re : cornhusker
thanks for the information below . sometime next week , would you go ahead and
make a copy of the contract brief for me . you can interoffice mail it to me
at
eb 3703 .
thanks ,
kathy benedict
daren j farmer
11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 42 am
to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : cornhusker
if you need it , i ' ve got a contract brief that lists the transport cost and
fuel from each location ( there numerous receipt points ) . it is possible that
we may need to purchase extra gas for the plant on occasion . in that case ,
we can use the same transport contract on lone star and transport on other
pipes also . any expense we incur to deliver gas to the plant will be passed
on to the plant .
if you have any questions , let me know .
d
katherine benedict
11 / 22 / 2000 11 : 23 am
to : daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : cornhusker
hi darrin ,
this is what mark mccoy sent me about the cornhusker deal . please review and
if there is anything else that rita wynne or i need to know about this deal ,
just shoot me an e - mail !
thanks for calling me back !
happy thanksgiving ,
kathy
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by katherine benedict / hou / ect on 11 / 22 / 2000
11 : 19 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
mark mccoy @ enron
11 / 22 / 2000 08 : 12 am
to : katherine benedict / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : cornhusker
kathy - - - - - here is what i know about cornhusker :
our supply comes from apache & williams
our market typicially is the plant ( tenaska iv partners )
if the plant is down , brazos utility has the right to the gas if they want it
if brazos does not call for the gas , then we will sell off to whomever we can
we just get a flat fee on this gas per mmbtu , whether it goes to the plant or
not
daren farmer knows the specifics about the deal
hope this helps , call with any questions .
mark
x 33396
re : free agents
send me a request of who you want , and i will make the transaction this
evening . . . expecting that no one ahead of you in the waiver ranking makes a
bid for the same person . the new player will be available for this weekend
( assuming the games are on ! ) , and you will be dropped to the bottom of the
waiver ranking system . remember , you can only pick up 2 per week . get back
to me when you want !
- dustin
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : farmer , daren j . [ mailto : daren . j . farmer @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , september 12 , 2001 11 : 59 am
to : dustinb @ bammel . org
subject : free agents
dustin ,
how are we working free agents ? when can i add someone ?
d
this e - mail is the property of enron corp . and / or its relevant affiliate and
may contain confidential and privileged material for the sole use of the
intended recipient ( s ) . any review , use , distribution or disclosure by
others is strictly prohibited . if you are not the intended recipient ( or
authorized to receive for the recipient ) , please contact the sender or reply
to enron corp . at enron . messaging . administration @ enron . com and delete all
copies of the message . this e - mail ( and any attachments hereto ) are not
intended to be an offer ( or an acceptance ) and do not create or evidence a
binding and enforceable contract between enron corp . ( or any of its
affiliates ) and the intended recipient or any other party , and may not be
relied on by anyone as the basis of a contract by estoppel or otherwise .
thank you .
- winmail . dat
california update - urgent please read 5 / 7 / 01
sources report that the bond authorization will be put to a vote today
the bridge loan financing bill will put to a vote today in the california
assembly . the republicans are currently in caucus until 3 : 30 pst and then
will go to the floor for a vote . the current situation is very fluid , but
sources now indicate that the bill would pass with a simple majority vote ,
lacking the two - thirds needed for an immediate bond issuance . if this is the
case , the bill would not take effect for 90 days and the state would be
forced to abandon its proposed bridge loan plans . absent of last minute
financial rescues by davis or a new longer bridge loan package ( unlikely )
socal could seek voluntary bankruptcy . the main problem would then be the
waiting period for financial relief from the state through the transmission
line purchase or other assistance .
there is an outside chance that republican defectors could precipitate from
the current caucus . there is extreme pressure on the republicans from davis
and angelides . if the bill failed due to lack of republican support , it
would provide davis the opportunity to blame republicans for on - going
expenditures of $ 70 m / day ( power purchases ) , and a possible bankruptcy by
socal . the last republican who gave support to a democratic bill ( ab lx ) ,
representative bill campbell , lost his job . sources also confirm that
democrats have not met with republicans on the bond issuance since last week .
re : new color printer
monday will be perfect !
location - ebl 944 b
r . c . 0011
co . # 100038
thanks
kevin moore
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 10 : 44
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
enron technology
from : lyn malina 12 / 14 / 99 09 : 22 am
to : kevin g moore / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : new color printer
i will order today for delivery on monday , unless you need faster delivery .
please advise co / rd to charge against .
thanks
lyn
kevin g moore
12 / 14 / 99 09 : 21 am
to : lyn malina / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : new color printer
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kevin g moore / hou / ect on 12 / 14 / 99 09 : 17
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
kevin g moore
12 / 14 / 99 08 : 13 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mike a roberts / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : new color printer
yes ! right away , please
also let me know the e . t . a .
thanks , lyn
kevin moore
invitations to presentation only
hi christie ,
when do you sleep ? 2 am , ugh !
ok , you were correct , my invitation was to those people within enron that
the students talked with before interviewing competitors , and it was an
invitation to the presentation only . i didn ' t think any of them would be
invited to the dinner , and probably none will even come to the presentation .
the invitation did elicit one request for the final report though , so maybe
it wasn ' t a complete waste .
i didn ' t realize that the dinner had turned into a box visit . that sounds
great . i wish the group could have made it to dinner before the first game ,
that would have made the whole slumming experience better . now they ' ll get
the royal treatment at enron field . it ' ll be great .
vince invited 4 people from rice :
dennis w . loughridge , director of energy consortium ; lounghrid @ rice . edu
carrie miller , director of mba program ; cmiller @ rice . edu
deborah barrett , inst . communications , barrett @ rice . edu
dr . wil uecker , associate dean for executive education , uecker @ rice . edu
loughridge wrote back saying he ' ll come , i don ' t know about the others
here are the 6 students emails :
" ritwik \ ( ronnie \ ) ghosh " , " ivy ghose " ,
" luigi calabrese " , " pravas sud " , " syed
\ ( farhan \ ) iqbal "
your 2 from rice makes a total of 12 from rice , i guess
let me know if you would like me to do anything else related to monday
look forward to seeing you then
ken
start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ;
start date : 1 / 13 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011312 . txt
re :
thanks vince . . . jeff
vince j kaminski
09 / 01 / 2000 10 : 23 am
to : jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re :
jeff ,
christ , mark and myself are planning to visit tom piazze in october . i talked
to christy about wharton
and she will be calling tom to set it up .
vince
from : jeffrey a shankman 09 / 01 / 2000 09 : 25 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , mark palmer / corp / enron @ enron
cc : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect , charlene jackson / corp / enron @ enron
subject :
hi vince ,
i just got off the phone with donna piazze at wharton , ( i don ' t know if there
is a relationship with tom at wharton ) , and we were discussing there tiger
teams . it is a required research program , 2 nd semester for mbas , and wharton
would love to have enron participate . i told her there is probably some real
life reasearch project we could have the students do . she did also mention
that it is one of the best recruiting tools under development at wharton . . i
gave her your number .
her number is 215 573 8394 . please call her when you get a chance within the
week .
mark , can we get christy involved ? thanks everyone .
jeff
term paper
dr . kaminski ,
attached please find a copy of our term paper . advise
if you experience problems opening the attachment .
best regards ,
ken jett
- combo 2 [ 1 ] . v 2 . doc
bankruptcy management committee
in an effort to better organize the activities and minimize the expenses related to the chapter 11 filing , we have formed the bankruptcy management committee . there are many outside firms representing multiple parties that will be requesting , among other things , certain tasks to be performed , filings with the bankruptcy court , financial analysis and general business information . to ensure these activities are coordinated , the bankruptcy management committee will now be responsible for overseeing this process . the following is a list of some of the parties that may contact you directly . if anyone from these firms , or other firms , contacts you related to the bankruptcy , please notify a member of the committee to ensure the efforts are coordinated . all outside firms will be requested to notify a member of the committee prior to contacting other enron personnel or outside parties , including the court and creditors ' committee .
firm relationship
bankruptcy court ( i . e . motions , etc . )
creditors ' committee
u . s . trustee
ernst & young accountants for the creditor ' s committee
houlihan , lokey , howard & zukin financial advisors for the creditors ' committee
blackstone financial advisors for enron
batchelder and partners financial advisors for enron
weil , gotshal and manges bankruptcy attorneys for enron
milbank tweed attorneys for the creditors ' committee
andrews and kurth attorneys for enron corp
the following are the members of the bankruptcy management committee :
ray bowen - chairman
bob butts
jim fallon
dave glassford
dave gorte
mark muller
julia murray
lou stoler
initially , this committee will meet on a daily basis to organize all the bankruptcy related activities as well as to prioritize requests going to the creditors ' committee and the court . it is extremely important that the company provides accurate and timely information to the court , the creditors ' committee and their advisors . accordingly , we request the assistance of all employees and outside firms in coordinating the bankruptcy efforts with this newly formed committee .
schedule
vince ,
my schedule for the risk 2001 conference in houston is :
arrive sunday 4 / 13 9 pm .
staying at the houstonian
depart tuesday 4 / 15 5 : 30 pm .
hopefully , we can get together .
thanks , aram ( cell phone 503 - 701 - 6692 )
start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ;
start date : 1 / 4 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . variances detected .
variances detected in load schedule .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010404 . txt
- - - - load schedule - - - -
$ $ $ variance found in table tblloads .
details : ( hour : 4 / preferred : 13 . 87 / final : 13 . 84 )
trans _ type : final
load _ id : pge 4
mkt _ type : 2
trans _ date : 1 / 4 / 02
sc _ id : enrj
high frequency market data analysis
stinson ,
we are going to update you and vince the progress of the eol george project . friday , 9 : 30 am - 10 : 00 am in eb 1938 .
bob ,
we may get some other ideas from the following book , take a look to see if it is worth to buy one .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
risk executive reports
high - frequency financial market data sources , applications and market microstructure by dr owain ap gwilym and professor charles sutcliffe , school of management , university of southampton , uk a high - quality , non - technical resource on an increasingly invaluable topic for all users of high - frequency data . 10 sections cover the many aspects of high - frequency data by covering a broad set of information ranging from data suppliers to detailed research angles topics covered include : managing hfd ; arbitrage opportunities ; intra - day seasonalities ; regulation ; market efficiency and market making . format price report ? 175 / us $ 280 a 4 , 162 pp published : august 1999 review | table of contents | order now in ? | order now in $ for other titles of interest please click here : risk executive reports send this page to a colleaguehigh - frequency financial market datacontentsl . introduction and overview overview and background the motivation and demand for high - frequency data the uses of high - frequency data structure of this report 2 . sources and types of high - frequency data types of data data supplied by exchanges panel 2 . 1 ( by paul macgregor , liffe ) - the sourcing and preparation of liffe tick data specialist data providers real - time data providers summary 3 . managing and exploiting high - frequency data panel 3 . 1 - illustrative high - frequency data data storage , filtering and cleaning the treatment of time panel 3 . 2 - olsen filtering system constructing continuous series key considerations in manipulating high - frequency data modelling issues summary of chapter 4 . arbitrage opportunities in equity markets what is arbitrage ? empirical studies of arbitrage opportunities arbitrage in equity markets individual arbitrage trades 5 . intra - day seasonalities intra - day patterns in returns intra - day patterns in volume intra - day patterns in volatility intra - day patterns in the bid - ask spread intra - day patterns in the autocorrelation of returns intra - day patterns in hedge ratios other intra - day patterns effects of news announcements on intra - day patterns the turn - of - the - year effect and high - frequency data conclusions 6 . links between markets leads and lags in prices between different types of market based on the same asset the 1987 stock market crash leads and lags in price volatility links between geographically separated markets rival markets 7 . destabilisation of markets relative volatility programme trading and volatility price movements at expiration conclusions 8 . regulations governing the markets regulation of dual capacity circuit breakers restrictions on short selling taxes on transactions tick size and price clustering delayed publication of trades conclusions 9 . market efficiency weak - form efficiency semi - strong - form efficiency conclusionsl 0 . market makingrevision of prices other aspects of financial markets determinants of the bid - ask spread block trades conclusionsl 1 . conclusion and future developments references
epe lending / day - ahead short for 8 / 15
per el paso lending agreement -
we will be short a total of 50 mw on peak at palo verde tomorrow : 25 mw under stwbom , 25 mw under stsw . following are the deal numbers . you will need to purchase energy to cover this short in the real time market . remember to purchase under the same desk in which you are short megawatts . then sell , under the same desk , back to el paso at $ 0 to complete the buy - resale .
730961 - stwbom buys epe
25 mw @ $ 49
730963 - stwbom sells stsw
25 mw @ $ 49
730973 - stsw buys epe
25 mw @ $ 49
we ' re also short at spl 5 , 25 mw on peak at a day - ahead price of $ 43 . 73 . imbalance deal is 730903 . please let me know if you have questions .
thanks ,
kate
weekly deal report
attached is the weekly deal report for 9 / 13 / 01 - 9 / 19 / 01 .
lex carroll
enron east power marketing , inc .
midwest origination
713 - 853 - 5426
re : oec
louise :
that is good news . in mexico and probably elsewhere in latin america , we can use this unit for information gathering purposes in return for a quantifiable risk since o & m agreements are typically capped in terms of overall exposure . it may be tough to break into third - party projects ( assuming we would want to strategically ) , but at least on projects that we initiate , we can keep a handhold even after we sell down our equity stake .
best regards - max
louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 25 pm to : max yzaguirre cc : subject : re : oec
good news - it will report into brian eventually - obviously this is still confidential .
louise
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by louise kitchen / hou / ect on 03 / 14 / 2001 01 : 25 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
dan leff @ ees
03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 55 pm
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : oec
louise -
oec will come along with eecc & nepco . brian stanley and keith dodson will run that group .
speak with you soon . hope you are feeling well .
regards - dan
louise kitchen @ ect
03 / 14 / 2001 12 : 18 pm
to : dan leff / hou / ees @ ees
cc :
subject : oec
what happens to the oec group - does that currently report to you and will it going forward or does that move too ?

revised aga forecast for 6 / 23 is 65
mike ,
i refit the molecular model incorporated last week ' s data , the revised number
for this week is 65 ,
( dropped 3 bcf compared to last fit ) , see graph .
let us see what is the real number today .
zimin
re : book admin for pipe / gas daily option book
when we meet , i would like to address the following issues :
1 . ) i had at least 5 people here past midnight on both nights and i have
several people who have not left before 10 : 30 this week .
2 . ) it is my understanding that susan was still booking new day deals on
thursday night at 8 : 30 b / c she did not get deal tickets from the trading
floor until after 5 : 00 p . m .
3 . ) it is also my understanding that susan is done with the p & l and
benchmark part of her book often times by 6 : 00 , but that what keeps her here
late is usually running numerous extra models and spreadsheets . ( one
suggestion might be a permanent it person on this book . ) ( this was also my
understanding from kyle etter , who has left the company . )
i would like to get this resolved as soon as possible so that larry can get
the information that he needs to be effective and so that we can run books
like this and not lose good people .
thanks
larry may @ enron
02 / 02 / 2001 02 : 43 pm
to : sally beck / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey c gossett / hou / ect @ ect , susan m
scott / hou / ect @ ect , errol mclaughlin / corp / enron @ enron
cc : phillip k allen / hou / ect @ ect , john arnold / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : book admin for pipe / gas daily option book
as you might be aware , susan scott ( the book admin for the pipe option book )
was forced by system problems to stay all night wednesday night and until 200
am friday in order to calc my book . while she is scheduled to rotate to the
west desk soon , i think we need to discuss putting two persons on my book in
order to bring the work load to a sustainable level . i ' d like to meet at
2 : 30 pm on monday to discuss this issue . please let me know if this time
fits in your schedules .
thanks ,
larry
re : enron finance conference sponsorship
this is great . . . . i ' ll get it on the calendar . . . . thanks .
from : michele nezi marvin @ enron communications on 10 / 25 / 2000 02 : 13 pm
to : kristin gandy , jeffrey a shankman / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : enron finance conference sponsorship
this is exciting news . suresh must really want a job with us ! ! jeff - are
you in to be the speaker on the panel ? it is friday , december 8 .
michele nezi marvin
manager
enron broadband services
( 713 ) 853 - 6848
- - - - - forwarded by michele nezi marvin / enron communications on 10 / 25 / 00 02 : 11
pm - - - - -
sureshb @ wharton . upenn . edu
10 / 25 / 00 02 : 05 pm
please respond to sureshb
to : michele nezi marvin / enron communications @ enron communications
cc :
subject : re : enron finance conference sponsorship
hi michele
i am writing to confirm that enron will be participating in the
sales / trading
panel .
i have some great news . we have decided to give enron the sponsorship
spot for the sales and trading panel .
key benifits of being a panel sponsor
- a big enron banner can be displayed indicating that you are the official
sponsor of the entire sales / trading panel
- mention in the program guide and all other conference material
- in addition to the panelist spot on the sales / trading panel , enron
gets to open the panel session with a 15 - 20 min presentation on general
trends in the sales and trading industry , an excellent opportunity
for a senior person from enron to address the audience .
also for folks from enron coming to the conference we have hotel rooms
blocked at a discount price at the park hyatt .
i will be getting you a lot of the details with regards to logistics for the
panel and enrons participation in the conference in the coming weeks . .
once again , i would like to thank you for the sponsorship and presence at
the finance conference .
looking forward to it . .
regards
suresh balasubramanian
215 - 893 - 9491
> - - - - - original message - - - - -
> from : michele _ nezi _ marvin @ enron . net
> [ mailto : michele _ nezi _ marvin @ enron . net ]
> sent : friday , october 20 , 2000 5 : 31 am
> to : sureshb @ wharton . upenn . edu
> cc : kristin _ gandy @ enron . net ; jeffrey _ a _ shankman @ ect . enron . net
> subject : enron finance conference sponsorship
>
>
>
>
> please see attached for our sponsorship form . can you let me
> know asap which
> panel we are on - i think we would be a great contributer to
> either the sales
> and trading or corporate finance panels . looking forward to a
> great conference .
>
> ( see attached file : finance conference form . doc )
>
> michele nezi marvin
> manager
> enron broadband services
> ( 713 ) 853 - 6848
>
daily california call moved to weekly call
as a reminder , the daily call on california has ended .
we will now have a single weekly call on monday at 10 : 30 am houston time .
updates will be provided through e - mail as required .
jim steffes
re : pogo interconnect
rich ,
the pogo well isn ' t completed yet . they expect to be down within three
weeks . this well is adjacent to the big eog well that came into our system a
couple of months ago and is in the same formation . the eog gas is still good
gas so far . hopefully pogo ' s gas will be the same .
thanks , arnie
rich jolly
01 / 18 / 2001 09 : 02 am
to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron
cc : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team
carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell
schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron
subject : re : pogo interconnect
mike this is in your court now . can it be installed by the middle of
february ? arnie has anyone seen a gas analysis on this ?
thanks
rich
michelle lokay
01 / 18 / 2001 08 : 42 am
to : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron
cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team
carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell
schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron
subject : re : pogo interconnect
according to john havard with pogo , we are to continue on . with the work
order approved , i was told the landowner ' s notification had already begun .
pogo is buying the required equipment ( including chromotograph , monitors ,
etc . ) , per our specifications . they will own the equipment , but we will
operate . let me know if you guys have additional information . . . is this still
possible by the middle of february ? thanks .
rich jolly
01 / 17 / 2001 05 : 46 am
to : arnie bailey / et & s / enron @ enron
cc : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team
carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell
schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron
subject : re : pogo interconnect
thanks arnie . even if pogo owns the meter station we want to operate it
including the flow control . this is one of the ways we ' re keeping our uaf
down . if i can help let me know . we do need to discuss who will operate the
facilities asap .
rj
arnie bailey
01 / 16 / 2001 03 : 55 pm
to : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron
cc : rich jolly / et & s / enron @ enron , george kneisley / et & s / enron @ enron , team
carlsbad / et & s / enron @ enron , mike mccracken / et & s / enron @ enron , darrell
schoolcraft / et & s / enron @ enron
subject : pogo interconnect
michelle ,
i was wondering where we stand now on the pogo interconnect south of wt - 1 on
the west texas lateral . per our phone conversation a few days ago it sounded
like the 30 day landowner notification would be the biggest hold up . what
will be the design capacity for the interconnect ? i think you told me , but i
can ' t find it in my notes . my understanding is that there will be a
chromatograph , sulfur monitor , water monitor , flow control and a way to shut
in if pressure reaches our maop . also , who will own and operate the
station ? let me know if i ' m off base on any of this or what i ' ve missed and
also don ' t hesitate to call if you need anything . please let us know as
things progress .
thanks , arnie
work - 505 - 625 - 8005
home - 505 - 627 - 9230
cell - 505 - 626 - 1530
page - 800 - 586 - 5735
lincoln electric
louise ,
i understand there is concern that the value associated with the assignment of the lincoln electric sales agreement to oppd is not sufficient to justify paying $ 1 . 3 million to oppd in order for them to assume this contract .
there are some considerations on this contract which i think are important and which may not have been mentioned to you :
- the original sales contract to lincoln was entered into several years ago and is one of the contracts sometimes referred to internally as " toxic waste " .
- about a month ago , we agreed verbally with oppd to accept assignment of the sales contract , as oppd is one of the few parties which can serve it .
- the execution of the documents has been delayed by lincoln , who were initially refusing to consent to the assignment
- we have another , larger under - water transaction with oppd which we would like to move off the books at some point . we ' d like to keep oppd happy to improve the chances that we can negotiate their buyout of our other sales contract to them )
- if we fail to deliver , we will be subject to penalties in the amount of $ 45 , 0000 per mw on top of liquidated damages ( lincoln is 15 mw for 02 and 30 mw for 03 ) .
- this is a highly constrained area ( only 6 counterparties can physically deliver in this area and oppd is the only one which has the surplus power in order to serve lincoln ) : the chance that we will be unable to deliver is high .
- there is intangible value associated with not being in a situation where enron fails to deliver .
- even if we do wind up serving the contract , the highly constrained nature of the area means we will likely be forced to pay extortionate prices for the power we do acquire .
- trading wishes to be out of this contract for aforementioned reasons and the fact that it will be very labour intensive to serve ( day - ahead notice on 20 % monthly load factor )
obviously , if the above is not sufficient justification to put the money out the door now , then we will smooth things as much as possible with oppd - but i wanted to make sure you had all the info . before we kill the deal .
terri has stalled oppd until monday .
dave
tokyo
wanda -
fyi , joe hirl , the trader in charge of setting up the tokyo trading office ,
will be in houston next week , and it would probably be a good idea if he
could interview mark frank , or whatever candidate we recommend for the
controller position . our controller for the sydney office will be up the
following week and he should meet with her as well , as that will enable him
to get first hand knowledge of the remote trading office establishment issues
we ' ve addressed in australia .
sally - did you decide on the one candidate you thought of when we met last ?
we might want to arrange a meeting with him and joe also .
thanks ,
cassandra .
last call for accountants . . . . .
ok . . . begging bowl in hand . . . .
do you have anyone i could borrow for a couple of months ?
either sen spec or spec - to work with kristin albrecht on some general
ledger clear - up and go - forward work .
i really need someone - i ' ve hired but these new people will take a while to
show up .
thanks .
b .
here ' s a reminder . . .
dear traders ,
here are a couple of things i ' ve thought of that will make it easier for me to research deals when there is a dispute . please discuss whatever necessary with the traders to help me improve the speed and accuracy of my research .
1 . ) all notebooks need to have clear and accurate dates in them . notebooks with no dates at all or random dates are useless for me without the traders ' interpretation .
2 . ) can we have the traders leave their notebooks here at all times ? i often find notebooks and logs missing for whatever reason .
3 . ) one thing that is getting better is the accuracy of the inc sheets , however , i still sometimes find that the trader ' s notes and the inc sheets or the el paso model don ' t match . at that point , i don ' t know which one to go by . i need to be sure that i can trust the accuracy of the inc sheets as the end - all .
4 . ) please make sure that all real - time deals or real - time extended deals are getting routed . i ' ve come across a number of deals that are not routed and this makes it hard for me to know if my research is accurate . it also makes it hard for me to change the other side of a deal that requires changes .
5 . ) please make sure that all deals get recorded and scheduled . i ' ve seen a few deals that are in the traders ' notebooks , but that haven ' t been entered in enpower . you know the result .
6 . ) cuts ( need i say more ) . . . are a mess . i really really need to see notes on every cut ! ! ! ! ! this means notes on the cut sheets or in the lotus notes database and notes in deal scheduling !
when a schedule is cut and the trader has been informed of the cut , i need to see this cut made in deal scheduling with a note . many of my dms ' s could have been avoided if the trader had made the cut in enpower ( this means i found a note regarding the cut but no further action had been taken to record this in enpower ) . i specifically need to see the following for every cut schedule : where did resupply come from ( deal # too ) ? was it a bookout ( deal # too ) ? what ' s the resupply price ? who at the counterparty did our trader talk to ? what is the reason for the cut ? and please initial your notes so that if i have a question about them , i know who to ask .
you can never make too many notes ! !
one thing to remember is that deal entry , deal scheduling , and lotus notes do not communicate with each other , so though it is a grueling task , every transaction and all notes have to be entered in at least 2 places . ( it ' s called copy and paste )
if we can keep these things in mind , i think we will have fewer disputes in the future . and when we do have disputes , i ' ll be able to figure them out in a more timely manner .
thanks for your attention to these things . i look forward to bugging you less in the future .
virginia
b 2 b at enron
tom ,
i am sending you the information about our new b 2 b unit .
i have talked yesterday with greg whalley who is heading the new
unit about the e - commerce project at wharton and recommended that enron join
this program .
i have sent him this morning a copy of the materials you gave me .
the meeting with jeff skilling has been pushed till the 2 nd half of july .
i talked to him briefly twice that jeff shankman and i want to discuss with
him building a relationship with wharton . jeff shankman is , by the way , a
great friend of
your institution .
vince
* * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
companies & finance : the americas : enron sees bricks and
bytes mix reshaping energy market : purchase of mg only
a start in
building b 2 b platforms , writes hillary durgin :
companies financial times ; 16 - jun - 2000 12 : 00 : 00 am ;
604 words
by hillary durgin
if jeffrey skilling is right ,
enron ' s acquisition of mg is only the tip of the iceberg .
enron ' s president and
chief operating officer is engineering a fundamental
strategy shift at the
houston energy company , aimed at making it a dominant
" new economy "
player across various industrial markets .
the dollars 446 m acquisition last month of mg , the
uk - based metals trader ,
is only the first of more than dollars lbn in estimated
new investments the
company is targeting . it is seeking vehicles on which to
build
business - to - business ( b 2 b ) platforms in sectors such as
logistics , chemicals ,
agricultural products and pulp & paper .
mr skilling wants to take the business model the company
developed in
natural gas and power and apply it to other wholesale
commodity markets . he
argues the electronic platforms it creates will not only
become the principal
b 2 b sites for those sectors , but reshape those
industries .
as an example , he points to enron ' s new e - commerce
platform , enrononline ,
which has changed the way the company does business with
its customers
while significantly increasing sales .
the company - the largest wholesale merchant of natural
gas and power - saw
wholesale , physical deliveries of natural gas surge 53
per cent in the first
quarter .
critics argue that enron ' s move away from its familiar
energy business into
new industries , where the learning curve is steep and the
competition
entrenched , is risky . yet a number of industry analysts
point out enron has
proved it understands markets and how to manage risks
while becoming the
largest importer of coal in the uk , the largest trader of
gas and power in the
us and grabbing an advantage in bandwidth .
" it ' s a prudent strategy , but it ' s got to be done in an
orderly way , " says ronald
barone , analyst with paine - webber in new york . " what
they ' re doing here is
what they ' ve been incredibly successful at doing , " he
adds , noting that enron
posted dollars 1 . 3 bn in earnings before interest and
taxes ( ebit ) from its
wholesale energy and services business in 1999 , up 34 per
cent from the
previous year .
earnings from that division accounted for two - thirds of
the company ' s overall
income before interest and taxes last year , and mr barone
sees the unit ' s ebit
increasing 15 - 30 per cent annually over several years .
as with gas and power and now broadband , where enron is
standardising
contracts and creating a market in bandwidth , it wants to
create markets by
entering as a physical player and providing merchant ,
risk management and
financial services over the internet .
" we will provide electronic commerce , but we will provide
liquidity and we will
provide settlement , or fulfilment of that contract , " mr
skilling says . " that is an
extremely powerful model . if you look at other b 2 b sites ,
they don ' t do that . "
mr skilling argues enron ' s e - commerce platform will
triumph over the other ,
bulletin board - type exchanges , where striking a deal
depends on two parties
hooking up and working through uncertainties over timing ,
price , credit and
fulfilment .
not everyone shares that view . some energy companies , for
example , would
rather not do business with a competitor . bp amoco
recently purchased a 3
per cent stake in altra energy technologies , a houston -
based , neutral
wholesale energy exchange . with koch industries and
american electric
power , it also committed to carry out a fixed volume of
transactions on the
site to lend it liquidity .
just as in gas and power and now broadband and metals ,
enron believes it
needs networks of strategic physical assets . in acquiring
mg , enron got a
stable of warehouses , lending it a strong physical
position .
" it should provide ( mg ) with a more vibrant , more active
physical spot market
in more markets in the world , " says greg whalley , chief
executive officer of
enron net works , the new division enron is launching to
identify and enter
commodity markets . he argues that in metals and other
markets , enron will
deliver better pricing , price risk management services ,
cross - commodity
transactions and flexible transactions for a wider range
of customers .
mr skilling says there are significant rewards for
restructuring an industry .
" if you can take that platform , and you use the
capabilities the bricks bring to
the table , e - commerce the industry and change the
structure , you ' re selling for
more than a 50 multiple . "
copyright , the financial times limited
interesting article about enron in japan ' s electricity newspaper
japan ' s electricity newspaper ( " denki shimbun " , the equivalent of megawatt
daily ) has been running a series of articles about the new century . several
of these have focused on the power industry in the u . s . a friend of mine ran
across one on enron that was published on april 13 and sent it to me . i
thought you would find it interesting .
the article focuses on ees in particular and about how we try to succeed by
being first to meet our clients ' changing needs . it also describes how we
use derivatives and risk management to reduce costs and stay competitive .
the article also briefly mentions the new office in japan .
the most interesting thing about the article is how incredibly positive it is
about enron . given what i have read and heard about how nervous the japanese
are about deregulation of the industry , i really did not expect such praise .
denki shimbun also has a web site at " www . shimbun . denki . or . jp " . they have
small summaries of the important articles of the day ( the site , however , is
completely in japanese ) . another interesting site is
" www . criepi . denken . or . jp " , the english home site of japan ' s central research
institute of electric power industry ( denryoku chuo kenkyuujou ) . the site
has many links to other english - language sites related to the power industry
in japan .
regards ,
eugenio
ngx - enron - security in place .
hi everybody .
just a short note to provide an update as to where we are with all this $ $
flying around .
as of right now , ngx is holding the following ( in millions ) :
cash :
cad $ 22 . 25
usd $ 2 . 88
on nov 26 th , we will be holding back cad $ 2 . 8 from oct .
settlement / deliveries .
ngx will be registering its interest in the collateral ( cash ) provided by
enron canada corp early next week . i left message for greg johnston , legal ,
enron canada corp . our lawyer is away today but will be in monday .
have a good weekend all .
thanks
kenny foo
credit and risk manager
ngx financial inc
140 - 4 avenue sw , suite 2330
calgary , alberta , t 2 p 3 n 3
ph : ( 403 ) 974 - 1737
fx : ( 403 ) 974 - 1719
re : term project :
dear vince ,
i was wondering if you were able to open the attachment with my resume this
time . rumor has it that you are currently hiring people for your group . is
this true ?
sincerely ,
helen
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com [ mailto : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ]
sent : wednesday , april 11 , 2001 3 : 22 pm
to : isranir @ rice . edu ; demianen @ rice . edu ; tbal 93 @ yahoo . com ;
maue @ rice . edu ; loughrid @ rice . edu ; jblantonjr @ yahoo . com ;
gjohnson @ rice . edu ; emchombo @ rice . edu ; nazareth @ rice . edu ;
vanstone @ rice . edu ; ganguzza @ rice . edu ; nelsonb @ rice . edu ;
sssmith @ rice . edu ; wheelock @ rice . edu ; westmore @ rice . edu ;
gaudette @ rice . edu ; otaylor @ rice . edu ; dikeman @ rice . edu ; jettke @ rice . edu ;
litton @ rice . edu ; chilkina @ rice . edu ; helms @ rice . edu ; wankhade @ rice . edu ;
monfan @ rice . edu ; kostya @ rice . edu ; pcp @ rice . edu ; yueguo @ rice . edu ;
nlwbio @ rice . edu ; zhangn @ rice . edu ; rishad @ rice . edu ; yoshiura @ rice . edu ;
howard @ rice . edu ; dayangd @ rice . edu ; wuwei @ rice . edu ; so @ rice . edu ;
wooddy @ rice . edu ; lamas @ rice . edu ; tbalestrery @ houston . rr . com ;
hingoran @ rice . edu ; planck @ rice . edu
cc : vkaminski @ aol . com ; vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com ;
jason . sokolov @ enron . com
subject : term project :
this is the list of projects for the members of the " quant " team .
if you are working on different project , please , ignore this message .
please , develop in a spreadsheet solutions / examples for the following :
1 . black - scholes formula
2 . black ' s formula
3 . develop a spreadsheet to simulate price trajectory using :
a . gbm
b . gbm + jump ( formula 2 . 16 in the book , figure 2 . 7 )
c . mean reversion + jump ( formula 2 . 17 , figure 2 . 8 )
4 . schwartz single factor model ( formula 6 . 12 )
5 . develop models corresponding to the figures 7 . 1 , 7 . 3 , 7 . 5 , 7 . 6 , 7 . 8
vince
entex revised estimates for 4 / 00
the attached spreadsheet has the revised estimates for entex citygate loads
for april . if you need me to get with pops / unify to correct or change the
estimates please give me a call .
thanks
gary
re : enymex
savita and stephen are sitting down today to go over the objectives , timing , and possible solutions . savita suggested the auction module to me yesterday , and i think it could be a good fit . let ' s wait to see what we come up with today and go from there .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : taylor , mark e ( legal )
sent : thursday , august 30 , 2001 10 : 14 am
to : kitchen , louise ; thome , stephen ; richter , brad ; calger , christopher f .
cc : webb , jay ; tweed , sheila
subject : re : enymex
would there be any interest in using the auction functions on eol for this product instead of a product line ? there is a lot of flexibility in setting the rules - - reserve prices or not , sale commitment or not , timing , etc . - - and you would have the added benefit of finding out where customers were willing to transact if our price was too high for them . i assume we are only showing one side of this market .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 6 : 20 pm
to : thome , stephen ; richter , brad ; calger , christopher f .
cc : webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal )
subject : re : enymex
sounds like a great idea - how quickly can you get it out there ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : thome , stephen
sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 10 : 25 am
to : richter , brad ; kitchen , louise ; calger , christopher f .
cc : webb , jay ; taylor , mark e ( legal )
subject : re : enymex
brad ,
we may consider targeting a wide audience . since these turbines are not the technology of choice for many large corporate entities , our target audience may need to be somewhat more diverse . our only prerequisite for purchase is the ability to raise $ 31 mm ( plus option fees ) .
i have two primary documents . one is the spec sheet and a general scope . the other is a turbine purchase agreement .
a counterparty can have two options : one is to contact us to provide a bid . there would be no price assurance or exclusivity in this case . their other choice is to accept our offer on a turbine option contract . for $ 1 mm , they would have a 30 day call on the turbines , during which they would be permitted to conduct their due diligence . the $ 1 mm buys them price assurance and an exclusivity period .
it may be a nuance , but our offer price is on the call not the actual turbine . is this consistent with eol ' s format ?
steve
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : richter , brad
sent : wednesday , august 29 , 2001 7 : 10 am
to : kitchen , louise
cc : webb , jay ; thome , stephen ; taylor , mark e ( legal )
subject : re : enymex
armed with a target list of purchasers , we can craft the new product pop - up to hit those companies ' systems when they log on , which would give them the following information :
general description of the assets
contact information ( names thome , stephen ; taylor , mark e ( legal )
subject : re : enymex
ah - ha !
the turbines idea on eol . i don ' t want to post an advetisement only i want them to post the turbines themselves . so essentially just like a new product launch we would have a pop up announcing a new product and the new product would be our turbines - exactly the same as any other product . they have to post the turbines out there and obviously there will only be an offer and they will be for the abbs we actually have in canada . you never know someone may click - it would be an interesting concept and probably non - binding as there would be site inspections etc .
but not an advert - actually posting the turbines .
louise
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : richter , brad
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 2 : 39 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc : webb , jay
subject : re : enymex
bob shults and i will be attending an enymex reception this thursday , and john and greg are still trying to coordinate a meeting with bo and vincent . short answer - - we ' ve got it as covered as possible for now .
another item : i got a call from stephen thome in ena who wanted us to post something like an advertisement for your turbines on enrononline . jay confirmed that it was technically feasible to craft a pop - up that targets certain customers with information and links to documents and spec sheets . i ' m told we have resisted this approach in the past because it has the potential to get out of hand once the genie gets out of the bottle , so to speak . i think it fits well for the turbines , but i wanted to make sure you were behind this idea before we launched into development .
brad
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : tuesday , august 28 , 2001 8 : 34 am
to : piper , greg ; leach , doug
cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay
subject : re : enymex
i am assuming that greg piper is going to handle this - you may want to talk to john arnold as he has some good ideas for a deal with nymex .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : piper , greg
sent : wednesday , august 08 , 2001 3 : 14 am
to : leach , doug ; kitchen , louise
cc : richter , brad ; webb , jay ; whalley , greg
subject : re : enymex
i would be happy to meet with them so feel free to set something up . we have had contact in the past with nymex on some of these issues and i can explain the story later .
my asistant is tina spiller and i am in next week ( i am in london this week ) so maybe we can get together and discuss .
thanks .
gp
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : leach , doug
sent : tuesday , august 07 , 2001 1 : 32 pm
to : kitchen , louise ; piper , greg
cc : gagliardi , larry
subject : enymex
i recently met robert " bo " collins , the new president of the nymex and formerly with el paso . bo is keenly aware that the nymex has fallen down in two areas - - first , catering too much to the locals , while ignoring their true customer base and secondly , not following through with the enymex rollout . bo along with vincent viola , the new chairman of the nymex are dedicated to correcting these two problems immediately . personally , i think there is a chance that enrononline could partner with the nymex and it could benefit both . obviously , they need us far more than we need them , but there is a window of opportunity due to the recent change in the nymex management . is this something of interest and if so , should we follow up ? bo and vince will be in houston in late august for a nymex cocktail party at rocc and i could arrange a meeting at enron .
re :
i ' ll check my billing ! thanks for the
warning !
warm regards , and thanks for the book ,
darrell
darrell duffie
mail gsb stanford ca 94305 - 5015 usa
phone 650 723 1976
fax 650 725 7979
email duffie @ stanford . edu
web http : / / www . stanford . edu / ~ duffie /

please come share birthday cake
there is a chocolate almond roca with chocolate ganache cake up for all to share .
sevil yamin
anne ,
vasant sent this information to norma . i shall fwd his message to you .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001
03 : 02 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
stinson gibner
04 / 10 / 2001 02 : 57 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : sevil yamin
vince ,
do you want me to do this , or vasant ?
- - stinson
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 04 / 10 / 2001
02 : 57 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : anne labbe / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 06 / 2001 09 : 57 am
to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : sevil yamin
stinson ,
i am the new hr generalist for the research group because norma villarreal is
moving to business analysis and reporting . earlier this week , norma and i
met with vince , and he said that he was going to talk to you about writing up
a list of sevil ' s projects / accomplishments for last year and this year , so
that we can give her a project bonus since she did not receive a bonus during
the normal prc time . at your earliest convenience , will you please email me
this list so that i can get started putting together all of the paperwork so
that she can receive a check on april 16 th .
if you have any questions , please feel free to contact me at 5 - 7809 . i look
forward to meeting you , and the rest of the group next week at vince ' s staff
meeting .
thanks ,
anne labbe '
april - - - flexible katy gas
fyi - - -
here is what i show so far for april baseload / term katy flexible purchase gas :
oasis meter # 6780 :
aquila 10 . 000
duke 20 . 000
richardson 1 . 312
conoco 15 . 000
total 46 . 312 flexible
lonestar meter # 67 :
duke 47 . 850 ( 50 . 000 - 2 . 150 inflexible )
mitchell 20 . 000
crosstex ( 6 . 200 ) ( baseload sale )
total 61 . 650 flexible
thanks ,
mark
x 33396
recruiting at cmu computational finance program
vince ,
thanks for the prompt reply . i ' ll plan to call early next week .
rick
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : " vince j kaminski "
to : " rick bryant "
cc : " vince j kaminski " ; " kevin kindall "
sent : friday , july 28 , 2000 9 : 05 am
subject : re : recruiting at cmu computational finance program
>
>
> rick ,
>
> thanks for your message . i am familiar with the computational finance
program
> and value its high quality .
>
> please , call me next week . the best time is between 7 : 00 and 8 : 30 a . m .
> cst .
>
> vince
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
> " rick bryant " on 07 / 26 / 2000 01 : 27 : 23 pm
>
> to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
> cc : " kevin kindall " , " ken keeley "
,
> " sanjay srivastava "
> subject : recruiting at cmu computational finance program
>
>
>
> vince ,
>
> greetings ! i am the director of the ms in computational finance program
at
> carnegie mellon . i am following up on a conversation i had with kevin
> kindall , a graduate of our program , who gave me your e - mail address and
> suggested i contact you as the individual making the recruiting decisions
> for the research group at enron .
>
> in speaking with the director of the career opportunity center at the
> business school , i am told that although an alison bailey from enron
> ( mary . alison . bailey @ enron . com ) has arranged for a sizable block of rooms
in
> which to conduct interviews on campus on december 11 th , there is as yet no
> indication of whether the comp finance students will have opportunity to
> compete for these spaces .
>
> we are regarded by many in the industry as the top quantitative finance
> program in the country . focused on derivative pricing , econometrics , var
> and portfolio management , our graduates should be an excellent fit for
your
> business . i would be happy to talk with you further about our
> rogram ( http : / / student . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf / ) as well as our students '
interest
> in enron ( the name comes up a lot ! ) . also , if you are interested , we run
a
> " speaker series " on most friday ' s during the fall and spring that would
> give you ( or another in your group ) the opportunity to address our
students
> in an area of interest . such a meeting would , i think , help you better
> understand the careers our students are preparing to pursue as well as
give
> our students first hand knowledge of enron and its future .
>
> when might be a good time to contact you by telephone ?
>
> thank you for your time .
>
> rick
>
> richard l . bryant
> director , computational finance program
> carnegie mellon university
> graduate school of industrial administration
> pittsburgh , pa 15213
> phone / fax ( 412 ) 268 - 4592 / ( 412 ) 268 - 6837
> http : / / fastweb . gsia . cmu . edu / mscf
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
>
enrononline real - time quotes service on reuters
reuters to provide its customers with enrononline real - time quotes
effective june 4 , 2001 , reuters has launched a new enrononline real - time quotes service benefiting commodity traders and industry analysts . subscribers to this service will be able to view bids , offers and midpoints as well as high , low and closing midpoint and change from previous day indications for numerous commodity products available on enrononline . subscribers will be able to integrate enrononline real - time quotes with reuters ' news , data and analytical tools to view real - time prices and charts as well as create option models , position reports and other analysis . initially , the quotes will be available for power , natural gas , crude oil and refined products , metals , bandwidth , coal , seafreight , emission allowances and weather derivatives markets in north america and europe .
for more information , visit www . reuters . com / enrononlinequotes or call reuters at 1 - 800 - 226 - 3955 . please forward this e - mail to others who may benefit from this service .
disclaimer
all prices presented by reuters through the enrononline real - time quotes service shall not constitute or be deemed , for any purposes , to be an offer by enrononline or enron to enter into any transaction on those or any other terms , and are not available through or deemed to be an offer within any trading products that may be offered by reuters in association with the enrononline real - time quotes service . any use of the enrononline . com website is expressly subject to the terms and conditions contained within the enrononline . com website , including the registration process detailed therein . by presenting this information within the reuters site , enrononline . com is not representing or indicating automatic qualification for access to or use of the enrononline . com website for commodity trading .
rice / eron finance seminar series
fyi !
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by shirley crenshaw / hou / ect on 12 / 04 / 2000
07 : 59 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
barbara ostdiek on 12 / 01 / 2000 05 : 38 : 08 pm
to : ostdiek @ rice . edu
cc :
subject : rice / eron finance seminar series
enron seminar series in finance
jones graduate school of management , rice university
tim bollerslev
duke university
will give a seminar at the jones school on friday , december 8 , ?
 & measuring , modeling , and forecasting realized volatility .  8
the seminar will begin at 10 : 30 in room 113 .
please note the different time and different room for this seminar .
a pdf of the paper is available through the seminar website
http : / / www . ruf . rice . edu / ~ jgsfss / .
?
agenda
tammie schoppe
enron americas - office of the chair
assistant to louise kitchen
713 . 853 . 4220 office
713 . 646 . 8562 fax
713 . 253 . 2131 mobile
fortune most powerful women in business summit
thank you , first of all , for supporting us in our decision to
reschedule the summit . the following letter has been sent to all
participants . though we ' ve been in touch with you by phone , we would
greatly appreciate your reconfirming , as soon as you can , for our
march event , as follows . . . .
to : fortune most powerful women in business summit
participants
from : pattie sellers
date : september 19 , 2001
re : postponement of summit
my fortune colleagues join me in hoping that you and your loved ones
are safe during this time of tragedy .
in the aftermath of last week ' s horrific events , we have decided to
postpone the upcoming fortune most powerful women in business summit
scheduled for october 3 - 5 in pasadena . the new dates and location are
march 6 - 8 , 2002 , at la quinta resort & club in palm springs ,
california .
while certainly much could have been gained from bringing together
this remarkable group of leaders at this time , it ' s clear that our
participants need to stay close to their homes and businesses .
already , the march program promises to be every bit as strong as the
october summit . almost all of our speakers have confirmed that
they can join us at la quinta march 6 - 8 . carly fiorina , jack welch ,
oprah winfrey , andrea jung , shelly lazarus , pat russo , sherry
lansing , gerry laybourne , jamie gorelick , lisa caputo , betsy bernard ,
lynn forester , louise kitchen , ann richards , stacey snider , ginger
graham , nancy peretsman , anna catalano , marie wilson , peggy brill ,
and anna deavere smith have all locked in the new dates . . . and we
hope you will too .
kindly let us know as soon as possible whether you can be with us next
march by contacting suzanne o ' leary at 212 - 522 - 9444 or
suzanne _ o ' leary @ timeinc . com . suzanne can arrange a full refund of your
registration fee if you cannot join us at la quinta . if you have
already made reservations at the ritz - carlton huntington hotel & spa
in pasadena , we will take care of canceling your room reservation for
next month .
like you , we were anticipating an outstanding summit next month . but
we hope you agree with our decision to postpone it . we look forward to
coming together in strength on march 6 - 8 to forge new and lasting
relationships and to explore how extraordinary women rise to meet the
challenges of extraordinary times .
duke cashout entries 5 / 00 and 6 / 00
here are the cashout amounts for 5 / 00 and 6 / 00 for duke energy field
services . we also need to enter a demand fee to account for the excess of
103 % charge on the sale side . i have those amounts below . let me know if
you have any questions .
may 2000
deal 157278 $ 2 , 486 . 00 excess charge
$ 2 . 38 cashout
deal 157288 $ 71 . 85 cashout
june 2000
deal 157278 $ 920 . 21 excess charge
$ 208 . 88 cashout
( there is no purchase cashout for 6 / 00 )
thanks ,
megan
reminder / last chance to sign up : electric system operation for
non - engineers
hello all !
fyi : there are still a few spaces left for the the " electric system operation for the non - engineer " course on friday / saturday . those who have attended in the past have given the course great reviews , so if you are interested in learning more about system operations , sign up now ! tuesday ( tomorrow ) is the deadline ! if you have already signed up but will be unable to attend , please let me know asap .
course info : for more detailed information about the course , please see the bottom of this e - mail . class is scheduled to begin at 8 : 30 am on both days . breakfast , lunch and morning / afternoon snacks will be provided . confirmation detail will be sent to participants on wednesday .
thanks !
grace
x 8321
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : fitzpatrick , amy
sent : tuesday , july 24 , 2001 2 : 46 pm
to : dl - portland world trade center
subject : electric systems for non - engineers
electric system operation for non - engineers
date : august 24 and august 25
time : 8 : 30 am to 5 : 00 pm
location : oregon room , 2 world trade center
this workshop provides you with a comprehensive understanding of system operations including fossil fuel , hydro and nuclear generation , transmission and distribution . the course will provide not only technical information but also economics of operation , system and equipment protection and safety .
areas covered include :
generation
transmission and overhead
distribution systems
underground distribution
switchgear
voltage control
matching generation
if you are interested in attending this course , please let me know no later than august 10 , 2001 .
thanks !
amy
electric system operation for the non - engineer
instructor : skip collier , professional training systems , inc .
2 wtc mezzanine level - oregon room
august 24 - 25 , 2001
course highlights :
generation
transmission & overhead
distribution systems
underground distribution
switchgear
voltage control
matching generation
who should attend ?
it is a must for any individual that works with technical terminology of electrical engineers . mechanical engineers , civil engineers , engineering techs , purchasing agents , contract specialists and those in public relations would find this course helpful .
overview :
the two - day workshop provides the employee with a comprehensive understanding of system operations including fossil fuel , hydro and nuclear generation , transmission and distribution . the course will provide not only technical information but also economics of operation , system and equipment protection and safety .
course schedule :
the course will begin at 8 : 30 am each day , until about 5 : 00 pm . a light breakfast will be available for all attendees . lunch will be provided .
course outline :
day one
8 : 15 am - 8 : 30 am light breakfast / registration
8 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm generation
construction and operation of steam , hydro and gas turbine
transmission and overhead distribution systems
power and distribution transformers
wye and delta overhead distribution systems
power and energy calculations
adjourn
day two
8 : 15 am - 8 : 30 am light breakfast / registration
8 : 30 am - 4 : 30 pm underground distribution
padmount transformers , underground cable , conduit and reliability overhead versus underground .
switchgear
circuit switches , fuses and cut outs
voltage control
voltage control using non - load tap changers , load tap changers , and voltage regulators
matching generation
automotive versus manual matching of generation to load , transmission intertie
adjourn
re : credit resources
thanks ! !
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 3 : 36 pm
to : foster , chris h .
subject : re : credit resources
so far i have spoken to both bill and rick buy , both of whom recognized the issue and said they would try to address it . i have also just completed their budget for next year and increased the number to allow for incremental staff .
i left a message for bill this morning to see if he had made further progress .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : foster , chris h .
sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 5 : 26 pm
to : kitchen , louise
subject : credit resources
louise :
can you tell me if you have made any progress re : resource allocation for bill bradford ' s credit group to process deal flow in the west ? i had mentioned to individuals in the middle market group that you were " on it " and if there is a follow up i can give them i would like to do so .
thanks !
chris
chris foster
chris . h . foster @ enron . com
( w ) 503 / 464 - 3822
( cell ) 503 / 702 - 8568
hpl nom for january 18 , 2001
( see attached file : hplnol 18 . xls )
- hplnol 18 . xls
ews employees departing following the year end prc
fyi
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : skinner , cindy
sent : monday , april 02 , 2001 5 : 38 pm
to : oxley , david ; jones , robert w .
subject : departing ni / issues employees
as discussed , attached is the chart showing the ni / issues employees who have left ews ( or will be leaving shortly ) as a result of the year end 2000 performance management process .
let me know if you have any questions .
cs
project door step
richard ,
it is my understanding that you have received a final version of each project
door step report for the following locations :
buenos aires
sao paulo
sydney
singapore
oslo
frankfurt
projects pending completion are :
eott ( still in the field )
mariner ( follow - up visit pending )
calgary ( last week )
london ( pending completion of extended work )
projects scheduled for future dates
panama
denver
mexico
portland
tom bauer has requested you forward to him the contents of the door step
database including the current status of items to be addressed . please call
me at 3 - 6516 if you have any questions .
thanks
jim brown
tri - c / cokinos gov bill daniels dec . pricing
daren ,
fyi .
bob
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by robert cotten / hou / ect on 11 / 30 / 2000 06 : 20
pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
enron north america corp .
from : melissa graves 11 / 30 / 2000 04 : 40 pm
to : julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect
cc : donald p reinhardt / hou / ect @ ect , susan smith / hou / ect @ ect , vance l
taylor / hou / ect @ ect , michael walters / hou / ect @ ect , jeffrey austin / hou / ees @ ees ,
robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , cynthia hakemack / hou / ect @ ect
subject : tri - c / cokinos gov bill daniels dec . pricing
julie ,
please correct the pricing for sitara ticket # 377169 for the month of dec .
from 97 % if / hsc to 97 % gas daily , per jeff ' s message below .
thank you ,
melissa
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by melissa graves / hou / ect on 11 / 30 / 2000
04 : 39 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
jeff a austin @ ees
11 / 28 / 2000 02 : 38 pm
to : melissa graves / hou / ect @ ect
cc : jill t zivley / hou / ect @ ect
subject : tri - c / cokinos gov bill daniels dec . pricing
melissa ,
cokinos has elected to be paid gas daily for the month of december . please
let jill know if there are any questions .
thanks ,
jeff
re : tom halliburton
dear all :
a few words about tom . he is a power engineer type who has previously worked
at northwestern us and new zealand utilities on various projects including
asset planning and hydro scheduling . he was hired by ei structuring to
oversee modeling efforts using sddp , henwood , etc . because of the recent
implosion at ei apache , tom ' s group has effectively evaporated , and thus he
is looking for a new home . he has some finance background from having to
do asset evaluation for utility rate filings . he has almost no options
experience . he seems to have quite a bit of experience in some classes of or
problems .
clearly the most obvious fit is with my group , but the idea is for you all to
see if tom has a tool set that may be of use to other research projects .
and , as usual , the personality fit is the other aspect to examine .
this is meant to be casual . if the consensus is positive , then i will explore
the formalities of such a transfer .
thanks ,
grant .
helsinki presentation
per your request .
amy
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on
02 / 25 / 2000 09 : 06 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
nicole scott @ ect
01 / 28 / 2000 09 : 03 am
to : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron
cc :
subject : helsinki presentation
sharron ,
please see the attached doc for the 3 . 30 pm conf call , please print of a color
copy for rick buy & rick causey .
niki
ee agrmts - urgent
attached is a spreadsheet which indicates the employees who have current agrmts and are being considered for a new agrmt . the spreadsheet indicates the contractual committments .
i ' ll leave the password on your voice mail .
hpl nom for dec . 15 , 2000
( see attached file : hplnl 215 . xls )
- hplnl 215 . xls
pg & e texas contract 5095 - 037 for 2 / 00
kyle and greg this issue is still unresolved as well as a 6 , 000 variance on
contract 5098 - 695 . i have provided stacey with the daily allocation from
pg & e texas . on friday she told me she did have an answer yet , and she could
not give me a time frame of when she would be able to get to it . she said
we have to understand their staff is short , and if anyone has any questions
to call her or daren direct . at this time i still do not have an answer , but
will let you know as soon as i do .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sherlyn schumack / hou / ect on 03 / 28 / 2000
09 : 12 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : sherlyn schumack 03 / 22 / 2000 10 : 05 am
to : stacey neuweiler / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : pg & e texas contract 5095 - 037 for 2 / 00
stacey ,
the actuals on this contract did not come in as scheduled . the scheduled
deliveries at texoma are 374 , 503 , but the actuals are 352 , 568 . at teco waha
delivery you have 359 , 120 scheduled , but the actuals are 368 , 115 . i don ' t
know what numbers you confirmed with pg & e texas , so can you let me know first
if you agree with pg & e texas numbers and if you do , will you please make the
necessary changes in unify .
thanks .
hpl nom for january 13 , 2001
( see attached file : hplnol 13 . xls )
- hplnol 13 . xls
computer - new location
hello ,
i need a computer and flat screen moved .
the location is eb 3240 e .
only - one computer and a flat screen needs to be moved to eb 3240 g .
the remaining flat screens should stay at the location eb 3240 e .
r . c . 107043 - co . # 0413
thanks
kevin moore
please if at all possible let me know when this should take place .
commercial support for tokyo
joe -
i spoke w / fernley dyson , cao for ee and barry ' s current boss , and he ' s
supportive of barry ' s transfer to our region to lead the
accounting / commercial support efforts for your tokyo office . i also spoke
with barry , and he ' s excited as well . i think it ' s a done deal .
scott / michael - i told barry one of you would contact him tomorrow to discuss
the next steps re : a more standard expat package ( not the 6 month situation -
causey approved a more standard longer term expat arrangement ) , and plans to
move his family to tokyo .
the issue we need to work out is transition , and i asked barry to discuss
that with you directly , joe , and i told fernley we ' d obviously be flexible
but we ' d like him sooner rather than later . barry indicated the guy that
fernley just hired that barry was going to be reporting to is going to start
towards the end of april . so i bet they ' re going to want some overlap there ,
which puts us into end of may before barry could really move . i think we
should be able to accomodate this somewhat longer transition period with
heidi ' s help and with carol from houston if necessary , plus i told barry we ' d
want him to make at least a couple of trips over to tokyo in the interim so
he can start getting involved even before he moves over there . but it will
be important for us to understand what specifically you want accounting to
accomplish by the end of may so heidi and carol can plan how to support those
efforts while not infringing on heidi ' s responsibilities and demands in
sydney .
meanwhile , i ' ve asked hr to contact eugenio perez , sally ' s designee for the
temporary risk position , to begin those discussions , and sally said she could
address transition issues for him next week - she ' ll be in london
( scott / michael - you should probably give her a call in the london office
their monday afternoon ) . perhaps we can get eugenio over to tokyo earlier
than barry .
regards ,
cassandra .
new albany generator # 3 repair work
we have tentatively reached an arrangement with duke regarding the repair work . if closing takes place prior to completion of the repair work , duke will assume control of the repairs and enron will continue to pay actual invoices received in connection with the repair work so long as they are consistent with the agreed upon scope of work .
currently the estimated costs are $ 1 . 45 million ( these have increased slightly from our prior conversations because of new problems uncovered when the generator was opened up ) . we are reasonably certain that no further material problems should arise in the completion of the work and that the estimated cost is reasonable static .
on the insurance claim related to this work , i understand that the insurance company is balking at paying two components of the repair work which will likely ( if this is their final , unchallenged position ) result in the deductible exceeding the loss payable ( i . e . no insurance proceeds payable to ena ) .
please feel free to call with any questions .
stuart
power failure
guys , your teams did a great job managing a very difficult situation with
very few material effects to the organization . it is noticed and appreciated
please pass on to your organization if you feel appropriate .
regards
delainey
analyst orientation status
a quick update on the " inaugural " analyst orientation scheduled for
wednesday , july 19 th at the doubletree hotel . the room locations have not
been released and i will advise you when i receive the information . an
estimated 73 analysts will be attending the orientation .
i have received most of your presentations and bios and appreciate your
attention to the deadline . however , i am still pending a few presentations ,
bios and a speaker and i have spoken to you regarding that status . if you
have a pending item , please call me at x 33597 or forward your presentation
and / or bio to me by wednesday , june 28 th by 4 : 00 p . m . please keep in the
mind the prc meetings and holiday weekend .
we will have the standard audio visual set - up complete with lcd projector ,
laser pointer and flip charts . if you have any other presentation or audio
visual requests , please call me at x 33597 .
thank you for your assistance in the matter .
july 19 , 2000
10 : 30 - 11 : 00 ena overview ozzie pagan
11 : 00 - 11 : 30 trading activity colleen sullivan & julie armstrong
11 : 30 - 12 : 00 trading & origination jeff shankman & janet dietrich
1 : 00 - 1 : 30 deal support eops speaker & mark frank
1 : 30 - 2 : 00 upstream brian redmond
my new info
please respond to dear friends and colleagues ,
i have switched again my employment status between self - employment and
employment by joining the txu energy trading on the capacity of their
managing director of risk management operations . will commute home on
weekends , but otherwise , will be stationed in dallas . the new email address
is mjermakl @ txu . edu , and the phone number is ( 214 ) 875 - 9603 .
regards ,
martin jermakyan
www . txu . com
- winmail . dat
hr ' s list
louise : who in hr is providing you with a list and what is the purpose of the list ? we can verify that they are still with the company and that they are still getting paid , but knowing the source of the list you refer to from hr and the purpose of the list will allow us to get to the heart of the communication problem . - - sally
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 2 : 15 pm
to : hall , bob m ; mcloughlin , hector ; reeves , leslie
cc : beck , sally
subject : re :
hr gave the list to me - i hope they are still getting paid
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : hall , bob m
sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 2 : 03 pm
to : mcloughlin , hector ; reeves , leslie
cc : kitchen , louise ; beck , sally
subject : fw :
hector and leslie
larry joe hunter , larry cash , and jon lewis are all still with enron .
will you please find out why louise thinks they are gone .
thanks
bob
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wed 1 / 2 / 2002 1 : 26 pm
to : oquinn , kari ; hall , bob m ; beck , sally ; luce , laura
cc :
subject :
the following people have been identified as no longer with the company although they are on the netco list . please let kari know on any changes ( jeanie is out ) . i assume there are no problems but if so let me know .
larry hunter - documentation
deidre mccaffrey - gas origination
larry cash - gas settlements
jon lewis - risk
fw : screenshots
thought you might be interested in these .
my instructions to the team have been : " same , but different " , i . e . a freshening , without any real functional changes , so as to both ( a ) reinforce that it is a new entity behind netco online and ( b ) ensure an easy transition for customers who are used to how enrononline works .
dave
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : alon , heather
sent : monday , december 17 , 2001 2 : 06 pm
to : forster , david
subject : screenshots
hi dave ,
we are putting together a new look and feel for the re - launch of the website pending a deal . we have a designer on teresa smith ' s team who developed these concepts . there is a lot of preliminary work we can do in preparation , once we ' ve chosen a design . kal and i both liked the first one . please let me know what you think .
heather alon
enrononline
( 713 ) 853 - 1825
re : nick bambos
sounds great . let me know how i can help .
tom
vince j kaminski @ ect
02 / 28 / 00 11 : 42 am
to : thomas d gros / hou / ect @ ect
cc : ravi thuraisingham / enron communications @ enron communications , vince j
kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect
subject : nick bambos
tom ,
i got sick and had to reschedule the meeting with nick bambos .
i shall meet him on saturday this week . i shall talk to him about the
following :
1 . financing research projects by graduate students ( $ 100 k per year , spread
over several projects )
2 . inviting nick to visit enron
3 . i can mention the possibility of nick consulting for us . given his status ,
involvement in the internet 2 project ,
and views that closely parallel enron ' s vision , it makes sense to have him
working for us . he could
be a very effective voice supporting our initiatives .
please , let me know what you think .
vince
calculating bid - ask prices
this is about enron movie trading business where we are a market maker for trading future of a movie ' s gross box office receipt . rich sent to many people a writing explaining his movie trading idea and asked us to provide some feedback .
i think the idea ( see below ) might be applicable to other parts of enron . we can call it " dynamic bid - ask price process " .
in fact , we can set that the bidding period is closed when no new bid is submitted to the system within a specified amount of time . the final ( clearing ) bid and ask prices are just the last " tentative " price shown to the public before the bidding period ends . ( so the customers can see the final price before the market close and can revise their bids if they wish . )
i think this method is suitable for illiquid products to be traded via enrononline . com .
- chonawee
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 48 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
chonawee supatgiat
04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 40 pm
to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications
cc : chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron @ enron , cynthia harkness / enron communications @ enron communications , greg wolfe / hou / ect @ ect , james ginty / enron communications @ enron communications , jim fallon / enron communications @ enron communications , kelly kimberly / enron communications @ enron communications , kevin howard / enron communications @ enron communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications , kristin albrecht / enron communications @ enron communications , kristina mordaunt / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications , paul racicot / enron communications @ enron communications , zachary mccarroll / enron communications @ enron communications , martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications
subject : calculating bid - ask prices
i think we should let the price float with the market instead of trying to forecast it . otherwise , if our forecast is not consistence with the market , we may have an imbalance in the bid - ask orders and we may end up taking some positions . you know , as russ and martin pointed out , we cannot fight with the studio and exhibitors because they have inside information and can game the price easily .
one way to ensure the balance of the bid - ask orders is to embed an exchange system inside our bid - ask prices front end . each week , we have a trading period . during the period , instead of posting bid - ask prices , we post " tentative " bid - ask prices , then we ask our customers to submit their acceptable buying or selling price . these " tentative " bid - ask prices get updated and are shown to the public . of course , customers can revise / withdraw their bids anytime during the trading period . at the end of the period , we calculate and post the final bid and ask prices . the seller who submits lower selling price than our final bid price gets paid at the bid price . the buyer who submits higher buying price than our final ask price pays at the ask price . next week , we repeat the same process .
this way , we can manage our positions easily and we can also behave like a broker where we don ' t take any position at all . we make profit from those bid - ask spread . we don ' t have to worry about forecasting accuracy and insiders ' trading because we don ' t have to take any position . let the market be the one who decides the price .
if we maintain our net position as zero , at the end , when all the actual gross box office numbers are reported in those publications , our customers with open long / short positions are perfectly matched . using the mark - to - market charge can reduce credit risk .
thanks ,
- chonawee
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by chonawee supatgiat / corp / enron on 04 / 24 / 2001 07 : 24 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
chonawee supatgiat
04 / 20 / 2001 04 : 31 pm
to : richard dimichele / enron communications @ enron communications , key kasravi / enron communications @ enron communications
cc : martin lin / contractor / enron communications @ enron communications
subject : some more input
hi rich and key ,
again i think your idea is very good . i think that we , as a market maker , can reduce our credit risk ( risk of default ) if we do the " mark - to - market " charging . that is , each week when we release a new expected value of the gross box office receipt , we balance all the opening positions the same way as in a regular future market . this way , we can give margin calls to the couterparties who are expected to owe us a lots of money .
in the last paragraph , i think the gross box office can also be determined from the market itself ( i . e . , if there are lots of buyers , our offer price should go up . )
we can offer other derivative products such as options as well .
- chonawee
re : enron / stanford program
vince ,
are we on for dinner on sunday at 7 pm ?
best regards ,
nick
nick bambos wrote :
>
> vince ,
>
> i have managed to change my ticket and we can meet for dinner on sunday
10 / 15 / 00 .
> shall we say at 7 pm ?
>
> > > > > giuseppe : can you please join us for dinner on sunday 10 / 15 . we ' d like
to briefly
> discuss the project too . could i please ask you to make reservations for 3
at
> il fornaio or some other nice place in palo alto ? preferably a quiet place
where
> we can talk .
> thanks ,
>
> nick
>
> vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :
> >
> > nick ,
> >
> > dinner on sunday would work for me . i shall stay
> > in the bay area till monday morning .
> >
> > vince
> >
> > nick bambos on 09 / 28 / 2000 08 : 33 : 38 pm
> >
> > to : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
> > cc :
> > subject : re : enron / stanford program
> >
> > hi vince ,
> >
> > i am on the technical program committee of the infocom 2001 conference ,
> > and we are meeting in new york city on saturday , october 14 th , to select
> > papers for the conference program . i ' m leaving stanford on friday and
> > getting back on sunday .
> >
> > it might be a possibility to have dinner together on sunday , if that would
> > work for you . in that case i would have to reschedule my flight to land
> > in sfo earlier than i ' m currently scheduled to land .
> >
> > would dinner on sunday work for you ? any chance we can meet monday for
> > lunch ?
> >
> > i look forward to seeing you .
> >
> > best regards ,
> >
> > nick
> >
> > vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com wrote :
> > >
> > > nick ,
> > >
> > > i shall be in stanford oct 14 - 15 , visiting my family .
> > > i would be glad to meet you ( and possibly giuseppe - your call ) for
> > lunch .
> > > please , let mer know if you are free on one of these days . saturday
would
> > > work better for me .
> > >
> > > vince
> > >
> > > nick bambos on 09 / 21 / 2000 02 : 09 : 46 pm
> > >
> > > to : stinson . gibner @ enron . com
> > > cc : vince . j . kaminski @ enron . com
> > > subject : re : enron / stanford program
> > >
> > > stinson ,
> > >
> > > great ! i ' m looking forward to a very productive collaboration .
> > > i ' ll immediately start doing giuseppe ' s papers , for him to work
> > > on the enron / stanford program .
> > >
> > > many thanks to you and vince , and i hope to see you soon at stanford
> > > or enron . if i remember correctly , vince is visiting stanford in
> > > october .
> > >
> > > best regards ,
> > >
> > > nick
> > >
> > > stinson . gibner @ enron . com wrote :
> > > >
> > > > nick ,
> > > >
> > > > i spoke with paul racicot , head of trading for ebs , north america
this
> > > > morning . he said that he is happy to send the $ 100 , 000 for your
> > program
> > > > from his budget . i have forwarded to him the draft letter to
> > accompany
> > > > the funds and will try to follow up to make sure that the money is
sent
> > > > promptly .
> > > >
> > > > - - stinson
re : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request for
gu est access to enrononline
ed ,
i sent a message to louise kitchen who runs the enrononline effort .
she should be getting back to you shortly .
vince
ekrapels on 01 / 18 / 2000 12 : 00 : 12 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : risk report on " guide to electricxity hedging " and request for gu
est access to enrononline
dear vince ,
greetings from boston , where we ' re doing all we can to help keep the price
of gas high .
as i may have told you earlier , i ' m writing a " guide to electricity hedging "
for risk publications similar to the report on oil . i had planned to write a
significant section on enrononline , and in the midst of my research on the
topic was denied access by enron ' s gatekeeper . can you help get me in ?
as always , the best from here .
ed krapels
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : donna greif [ mailto : dcorrig @ ect . enron . com ]
sent : tuesday , january 18 , 2000 12 : 37 pm
to : ekrapels @ esaibos . com
subject : request for guest access
dear mr . krapels :
thank you for requesting guest access to enrononline . unfortunately , we are
unable to give you quest access at this time .
enrononline is exclusively for those companies who can transact wholesale
energy
commodities and related products .
in addition , you had indicated within the comments section of your email
that
you are preparing a " guide to electricity hedging "
for risk publications . i have forwarded your inquiry to our public
relations
department along with your contact information .
should you not hear back from anyone within a reasonable amount of time ,
please
feel free to contact our call center at
713 853 - help ( 4357 ) .
sincerely ,
donna corrigan greif
enrononline help desk
713 / 853 - 9517
- attl . htm
summer internship position
celeste ,
i would like to ask you for a favor . we would like to have sevil as an intern
in our group
this summer . she prepares a ph . d . dissertation on transmission : a critical
issue to the power
markets everywhere .
i have also a few other students i would like to take in as summer interns . i
shall send you
the resumes in separate messages .
vince kaminski
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 02 / 11 / 2000
12 : 51 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sevil yaman on 02 / 10 / 2000 10 : 22 : 28 pm
to : vkamins @ enron . com
cc :
subject : summer internship position
hi dr . kaminski ,
as i told you last monday in dr . kao ' s class i am
looking for a summer internship position in your group
in which i can use my economics background together
with my quantitative skills and knowledge in
electricity markets . currently , i am a third year
ph . d . student at the economics department of the
university of houston . at the end of this semester
i ' ll be completing my coursework and starting to write
my dissertation which analyzes the access pricing
issue in network industries , especially in electricity
transmission .
i would like to give you a few examples from my
coursework . in addition to basic statistics i - ii and
econometrics i - ii , i have taken " macroeconomic
modeling and forecasting " ( time series ) class in which
i learned rats . in " applied econometrics " class , it
was given a great deal of attention to the case method
learning approach that involved extensive computer
analysis . we were taught sas . as a term paper i worked
on electricity demand forecasting . this semester i am
taking " special topics in applied econometrics " course
in which i am being taught qualitative dependent
models , mle , panel data techniques , and so on , and as
software stata . moreover , this semester i am also
taking " options theory and its applications " class and
auditing dr . kao ' s class . i definitely agree with you
in what you mentioned in your lecture last monday
about the understanding of the options theory as a
necessity in the energy sector .
besides , i spent my last summer in the oil and gas
unit of the world bank as a research assistant . this
work experience in which i had great exposure to the
energy market issues and my own research area , which
is regulation of transmission pricing ( congestion
pricing ) , made me believe that the ongoing
restructuring of the electricity sector , especially
the transmission network issue , could be well
understood by working in the industry .
dr . kaminski , attached you can find my resume . i would
be glad if you could find a chance to review it and
get back to me soon .
many thanks ,
= = = = =
sevil yaman
department of economics
university of houston
houston , tx 77204 - 5882
( 713 ) 743 - 3814 / 3817
do you yahoo ! ?
talk to your friends online with yahoo ! messenger .
http : / / im . yahoo . com
- resume - sevil . doc
re : confidential
sophie ,
i think it ' s a fair deal .
vince
sophie kingsley 08 / 30 / 2000 11 : 49 am
to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , michele small / lon / ect @ ect
subject : re : confidential
both ,
thanks for your comments and comparisons , it is good to get context .
based on your comments here would be my proposal
o 63 , 500 basic salary -
ol 5 k kickers for each of the 2 years - these are paid as a lump sum on each
anniversary guaranteed . therefore guaranteed salary is effectively o 78 , 500 -
this is completely separate and in addition to any performance bonus
increase the value of options to o 60 k to vest 1 / 3 as before - which leaves a
1 / 3 ( $ 20 , 000 ) hanging out there at the end of the contract .
just fyi - anjam is currently on o 68 , 000 but does not have an agreement , so
this would effectively put a 10 . 5 k gap between the two .
let me know your thoughts .
dale surbey
30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 09
to : sophie kingsley / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : confidential
sophie ,
here ' s vince ' s comments on your proposal for steve . also , what ' s a 2 - yr
exec ? how do the kickers work - are they basically a guaranteed minimum
bonus or incremental bonus ?
- dale
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 16 : 10
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
vince j kaminski
30 / 08 / 2000 14 : 21
to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : confidential
dale ,
thanks for your message .
i don ' t know the labor market in london that well but here the market
for quants is very hot . steve is in my view an exceptionally talented person
and i would go an extra mile to retain him long - term for the company .
i would adjust the base salary or the kicker upward a bit .
o 62 , 000 basic is what anjam is receiving currently ( if i remember
correctly ) . steve has a much higher value
to enron than anjam .
vince
dale surbey
08 / 30 / 2000 07 : 49 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : confidential
vince ,
this is the package hr is proposing for steven . what do you think ?
- dale
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by dale surbey / lon / ect on 30 / 08 / 2000 13 : 50
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sophie kingsley 29 / 08 / 2000 20 : 32
to : dale surbey / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : confidential
sorry dale , long day , here are the proposed numbers
2 year exec
o 62 , 000 basic ( currently o 55 k )
ol 0 k each year kickers
$ 50 , 000 worth of options to vest 1 / 3 1 / 3 1 / 3
let me know what you think .
regards
sophie
pending ferc order , west - wide mitigation
the following report is comprised of what was discussed at the commission meeting held yesterday and additional intelligence gathered from ferc staffers after the meeting . we are awaiting the final order and will update this report as soon as it issues . generally , the order is expected to expand the scope of the commission ' s april 26 order , and this report will highlight the differences .
geographical scope - mitigation is extended to cover all 11 western states .
term - the term of the order will be extended to cover 2 summers . we expect the order to issue today . if so , the order will take effect at midnight tonight and continue in effect until 9 / 30 / 02 .
spot market - defined as sales of 24 hours or less , transacted on the day of delivery or the day prior to delivery .
must sell - to prevent physical withholding , the plan will require all sellers to offer all their available power in real time . all california generators , even those not subject to ferc price regulation , will be required to sell into the iso ' s real time market . sellers in the rest of the wscc are similarly required to sell , except that they are not required to sell into california and can choose their spot market . they will be required to post available power on the western systems power pool board . hydroelectric facilities will continue to be exempted .
price mitigation - expanded to be in place 24 hours per day , 7 days per week . applies to all sellers , including marketers and non - public utilities . the plan retains a single market clearing price auction for the spot market , based on marginal cost bids . the proxy price formula is changed in several respects :
1 . gas price will be the average of the mid - point of the monthly bid week prices as reported in gas daily for malin , socal gas large packages and pg & e city gate .
2 . o provided that marketers may not bid above the proxy price . ferc will consider the entire portfolio of a seller who seeks to justify a higher price than the proxy . generators may seek cost based rates for their entire portfolio in ca if they so choose ( i . e . no cherry picking ) .
demand side management - the plan originally set forth in the april 26 order is expected be removed in this order .
iso reporting - iso will need to report on a quarterly basis as to the status of building supply in ca .
comments - comments will be sought on the issue of whether the price mitigation formula should be adjusted in response to expected varying load conditions due to seasonal changes .
settlement conference - the settlement judge will convene a settlement conference on the refund issue no later than june 25 ( next monday ) and the parties will have 15 days to settle . a report from the judge to the commission is due 7 days thereafter ( for a total of 22 days ) .
issues that are not expected to be addressed in the order include confidentiality , iso board issues , iso scheduling penalty application , and market based rate authorization . the order is not finally issued as of yet , and the status of the foregoing items could change upon issuance of a final order . we will keep you posted .
ray alvarez
re : generator checkouts and control area services
so , do you mean we have to call every hour ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : williams iii , bill
sent : friday , july 27 , 2001 2 : 35 pm
to : anderson , john ; bland , todd ; dean , craig ; guzman , mark ; harasin , leaf ; linder , eric ; merriss , steven ; meyers , bert ; porter , david v . ; slinger , ryan ; solberg , geir ; symes , kate ; williams iii , bill
cc : rawson , lester
subject : generator checkouts and control area services
importance : high
group ,
i received a call from warren mcreynold at the bpa today . warren was concerned with the level of service that our group is providing . warren explained to me the necessity and importance of calling in and reporting the actual amount of energy generated by grays harbor and frontier every hour . the group at bpa cannot close their accounting books and meet reliability performance measures without our information . i am meeting with warren on tuesday . warren is inclined to recommend to bpa that we are incapable of this service because of our inconsistent performance . such a recommendation would severely limit enron ' s ability to produce value for our service customers in the near term and would likely prevent us from attracting new customers . i believe that we can provide warren ' s group with the information that it needs with minimal impact to our trading .
therefore :
we must call grays harbor and frontier at the top of every hour . then we need to call bpa and communicate the actual energy generated , not an estimate . finally , sign off the hour in the services book . les has provided us with the needed information for each day . reserves can only be used for the hour that we are in , than we must resupply the schedule from a different source by working with the bpa marketers . if you have a question regarding reserves or pulling a schedule - - please call les or me .
if this process takes more than 5 minutes , please let me know . it is each trader ' s responsibilty to make this work . it should be noted that we need to do this even if the generator is prescheduled , and must to continue to do this until these generators are automatically metered . and yes , we will be compensated by the services desk for our work .
this service is a priority and should be treated as such .
please see me with your comments and concerns regarding this job function .
thanks ,
bill
fw : getting a deal done
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : belden , tim
sent : thursday , december 20 , 2001 3 : 27 pm
to : lavorato , john ; whalley , greg
subject : getting a deal done
i recognize that we are in a very fluid process right now . however , i feel that i currently don ' t possess the information that i would need to make a decision about what structure and compensation would work for me and people on my team in newco . i will attemp to lay out the issues that concern me and provide thoughts on what i have heard about structures so far . excuse me if i am off on any ( or all ) of my facts . i am currently receiving mostly second - hand information from gas and power traders in houston .
here is the citibank deal as i understand it :
requirement to retain between 5 and 15 employees to do the deal .
fund ( at some unknown level ) a retention pool to be distributed in some unknown manner to an unknown subset of the 800 newco people .
800 employees
$ 30 million of 1 - day 95 % var
total 2002 costs of approximately $ 300 million .
bonus pool equals 20 % of ebit
bonus paid out 75 % in cash and 25 % in restricted stock with a 3 - year cliff vest .
here are my concerns
the cost structure appears to be well above what a $ 30 million var trading operation can support .
my recollection from west power rovar is roughly 90 % in 1998 , 120 % in 1999 , and close to 200 % in 2000 and 2001 . i ' m not sure how to handicap expected future rovar , but without additional information from the two of you i have a hard time expecting more than 100 % in a lower - priced commodity market . given that assumption , the $ 30 million one - day var becomes $ 480 million annualized var gives you gross margin of $ 480 million . i don ' t know what the capital and credit charges will be , for arguments sake let ' s call it $ 30 million . bonus pool equals $ 480 - $ 30 - $ 300 = $ 150 * 20 % = $ 30 million of which $ 22 . 5 is cash and $ 7 . 5 equity . i can ' t sign up for that math . please help me understand how / why my math is wrong .
i need to understand our cost structure in great detail . we need to figure out a way to allocate costs to the desk level . if i look at west power ( everyone in portland ) assume that we have 80 people with an average of $ 200 , 000 for base salary and benefits giving us total personnel costs of $ 16 million . add on another $ 4 million for rent , parking , travel and entertainment . . . and call it $ 20 million of direct expenses here . i figure that we can make $ 100 million in 2002 with lower var and starting up later in the year . how much of the $ 280 million remaining costs should i expect to be allocated to the west power desk . with an ebit of $ 80 million times 20 % i can sell . if we have another $ 50 million of allocated costs then i can sell this .
i recognize that the potential buyer is unlikely to fund a desk by desk ebit . however , i think that our goal should be to split the pie based on a desk by desk ebit and would like to see a proforma that accomplishes that .
proposed retention structure for three people in portland
a dollar amount paid in cash over one year and equity over two years . price tag tbd .
create certainty around the bonus / retention payments .
indemnify against payback of deferred comp .
clarify total retention dollars for the rest of the desk .
15 % of gross margin for 2002 . 20 % of ebit going forward .
other gripes
labor has not been invited to the negotiating table .
labor doesn ' t get to see the pro forma .
we are supposed to get paid based on ebit yet i have no control over the expense side or the allocation side .
labor is getting accused of holding up a deal that labor had no part in negotiating .
labor is the most important driver of the value of this deal and doesn ' t appear to have any rights other than to accept or reject a poorly defined structure .
i want to make this thing work . i am not trying to be greedy . i am finding it very difficult to navigate through this process given the very limited information that i have been given .
tim
upcoming compensation analysis
sally ,
just an fyi - i sent this email out to your directors on 09 / 14 after we spoke
on the telephone .
regards ,
todd burke
x 39437
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by todd burke / na / enron on 09 / 18 / 2000 10 : 05
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
todd burke
09 / 14 / 2000 09 : 45 am
to : bob m hall / na / enron @ enron , brenda f herod / hou / ect @ ect , peggy
hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , leslie reeves / hou / ect @ ect ,
stacey w white / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , james
scribner / corp / enron @ enron , mary solmonson / hou / ect @ ect , sheri
thomas / hou / ect @ ect , shona wilson / na / enron @ enron , brent a price / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : upcoming compensation analysis
to all energy operations directors :
my name is todd burke and i ' m a compensation specialist with ena human
resources ( see attached bio ) . as you know , sally beck has requested that i
conduct a comprehensive analysis of the current pay arrangements for all
energy operations staff . the purpose of this analysis will be to ensure that
the department ' s current pay arrangements are in line with the competitive
marketplace . each component of pay will be examined individually and within
the context of enron ' s compensation philosophy ( e . g . , base salary , bonus ,
long - term incentives and total compensation ) .
the process will begin with a series of interviews which will be conducted in
two stages :
stage 1 - data gathering : the focus of this stage will be upon gathering data
around your perceptions of your group ' s current pay arrangements and give you
the opportunity to address any of the internal and external inequities you
perceive to exist .
stage 2 - job matching : the focus of this stage will be on job matching - we
will establish a mutually agreed upon time to meet and discuss which
positions in our salary surveys most accurately reflect the roles and
responsibilities of your staff . we will not be able to match 100 percent of
your jobs to the jobs contained in the salary surveys . non - benchmark jobs
will be reviewed using a job " slotting " approach .
to help facilitate the matching process , i will be assembling handouts
containing the job descriptions taken from the relevant salary surveys which
i will send to each of you in advance of our stage 2 meeting . the intent
here is to give you the opportunity to " pre - match " your respective jobs
thereby minimizing the time required to achieve this objective during our
stage 2 meeting . it will be critical that you are comfortable with the
matches that you agree to as these matches will be used when gathering
relevant market data . the data will only be as good as the matches .
following the conclusion of stage 2 , i can begin gathering the market data
based on the results of the job matching exercise and prepare a comparative
analysis that i will be presenting to sally beck .
i will be contacting each of you in the next few days to set up the stage 1
interviews . i look forward to working with each of you and to the successful
completion of this project .
please call with any questions or comments . i can be reached at x 39437 .
kind regards ,
todd burke
ena compensation
final collateral annexes
enclosed are final versions of the physical gas collateral annex and the one way and two way schedules to the isda credit support annex . elizabeth sager will be e - mailing the power collateral annex .
carol st . clair
eb 4539
713 - 853 - 3989 ( phone )
713 - 646 - 3393 ( fax )
281 - 382 - 1943 ( cell phone )
8774545506 ( pager )
281 - 890 - 8862 ( home fax )
carol . st . clair @ enron . com
october deals
daren ,
i have 2 allocation exceptions that require a deal to be extended . meter
98 - 1488 tenaska is showing small volumes flowed on days there was no deal .
can you extend the deal throughout the month so that the volumes will have a
deal to link to . i have the same situation on meter 98 - 1601 .
if you have any questions , please let me know .
thanks ,
susan
goldman sachs
next wednesday , at 3 : 30 p . m . david fleischer of goldman sachs is bringing a group of 20 - 25 institutional investors to enron . this meeting is part of a two day trip where these investors will be meeting with our peer merchant companies and other energy companies . jeff will be leading the meeting , but if you are free , it would great if you could attend . there is no presentation , it will be mainly q and a . let me know . thanks . mek
re : many
helyette ,
sorry for not getting back to you earlier . i took a few days off before my
family goes back to california .
i have arranged a replacement for you for the houston and new york risk
courses . my colleagues , stinson gibner and steve leppard , gave two
presentations . i shall be speaking in london on thursday only . steve leppard
will make a presentation on friday in my place .
i look forward to meeting you in london . i want to make sure that we can sit
down for a few minutes and talk about the paris presentations .
vince
power trading systems - bi - weekly status
week ending 9 / 28 / 01 :
glad to discuss . . .
steve
re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to
assignment )
volume management should be fine with this change . all name changes will be
still attached to the original path of the buy / sell deal . the settlement
group will have to make sure that the new name that is being added to the
deal has the appropriate ' statement group ' attached . other than that this
change should flow smoothly .
thanks ,
m . m .
from : donna greif
04 / 05 / 2000 01 : 18 pm
to : kathryn bussell / hou / ect @ ect , robert cotten / hou / ect @ ect , mark
mcclure / hou / ect @ ect , gary l payne / hou / ect , richard pinion / hou / ect @ ect , robert
superty / hou / ect @ ect , george smith / hou / ect @ ect , katherine l kelly / hou / ect @ ect ,
randall l gay / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect , edward
terry / hou / ect @ ect
cc : dave nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , diane e niestrath / hou / ect @ ect , carrie
hollomon / hou / ect @ ect , bryce baxter / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect ,
dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie
meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect , stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect ,
dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne
seib / cal / ect @ ect , sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect ,
faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect ,
russ severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie
hastings / hou / ect @ ect , regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect ,
william e kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven
gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to
assignment )
fyi . . . .
this change went in for the deal validation group . it gives them the
ability to change counterparties names after bridge back .
impact to logistics - unify
if a counterparty name change takes place to deals that have been bridge
backed , it could cause problems on edi pipes as that new counterparty name
will flow over to unify and repathing should eventually take place .
one problem may be with the imbalance data sets , which are not in production
yet . . . . . . ( edi imbalance qtys would not match up to paths )
this may also cause an issue with the scheduled quantities ( especially where
nominations were sent for entire month )
can ' t remember the rules on this one , but i think unify does have some safe
guards ( idiot proofs ) to force re - pathing .
unify does have the ability to over - ride duns numbers , yet would still cause
an additional step for edi the scheduler would need to think through in order
to get a clean quick response .
what are ( if any ) impacts to vol mgt if counterparty name changes take
place ? ( prior periods ? re - pathing ? )
i have a call into diane and dave both . after speaking w / them , hopefully i
can get a clear understanding of the true impact . i am sure we ' ll need to
put some processes and procedures together for deal validation to follow when
these type of changes are needed .
will keep you posted .
thanks ,
dg
from : thomas engel 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 44 am
to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l
hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect ,
stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , peggy
hedstrom / cal / ect @ ect , dianne seib / cal / ect @ ect
cc : sylvia a campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye
ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna consemiu / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , russ
severson / hou / ect @ ect , martha stevens / hou / ect @ ect , karie hastings / hou / ect @ ect ,
regina perkins / hou / ect @ ect , imelda frayre / hou / ect @ ect , william e
kasemervisz / hou / ect @ ect , hunaid engineer / hou / ect @ ect , steven
gullion / hou / ect @ ect , larrissa sharma / hou / ect @ ect , donna greif / hou / ect @ ect
subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment )
regarding the ability to change counterparties on deals in sitara with
confirmed volumes - tom ' s words of caution :
if someone calls you and wants to change a counterparty - we created the
ability for you to invalidate the deal - and
then change the counterparty - however - i did add a warning message :
" warning - changing counterparty on deal with confirmed volumes - make sure
pipeline allows this change . "
some pipelines do not allow us to change counterparties after there is
feedback - i assume for the same reasons
we had this rule - it used to blow up our old scheduling systems
( pre - unify ) . some pipelines will require a new
deal and we will have to zero out the old deal .
before you make the change - make sure the logistics person is aware - just
in case it causes problems with their
pipeline . sorry - i don ' t know which pipes these are - you will have to ask
the unify team .
there is one rule still in place - you can change from ena - im east to ena - im
market east - but not from
ena - im texas to hplc - im hplc - when changing business units - they must be
the same legal entity .
" warning - not the same legal entity "
also - beware of making contract and counterparty changes to service deals
( transport capacity , storage , cash out ) .
once the deal is invalidated - there are no rules . don ' t forget - the items
were locked down for a reason .
if you invalidate a service deal - and change the previously locked down
data that was validated - and someone used these
deals in unify - it is highly likely that the unify deals and paths created
using these deals will get corrupted . always check
with someone from unify to make sure no one used these deals for anything in
unify .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by thomas engel / hou / ect on 04 / 05 / 2000 09 : 47
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
from : scott mills on 04 / 04 / 2000 07 : 38 pm
to : kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , dana daigle / corp / enron @ enron , elizabeth l
hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect ,
stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect
cc : steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect , thomas engel / hou / ect @ ect , sylvia a
campos / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , faye ellis / hou / ect @ ect , donna
consemiu / hou / ect @ ect
subject : sitara release ( re : changes in global due to consent to assignment )
with the release that was put out tuesday evening , deal validation should be
able to change the counterparty on deals where the volume is something other
than expected ( e . g . confirmed , nominated , scheduled , etc . ) .
in addition , this release will also capture " near - time " the contract changes
that are made in global . this means that need for server bounces will not be
necessary .
new / changes to contracts will show up without having to get out of deal
manager .
new counterparties , and new / changes to facilities will require getting out
of all active sitara apps ( except for launch pad ) .
once out of all apps , start a new app - the respective information that you
are looking for will appear .
i mention " near - time " because we are constrained by the amount of time it
takes for the change in global data to trigger an alert for sitara who then
updates its information
srm ( x 33548 )
cyndie balfour - flanagan @ enron
04 / 04 / 2000 03 : 41 pm
to : connie sutton / hou / ect @ ect , linda s bryan / hou / ect @ ect , kathryn
cordes / hou / ect @ ect , scott mills / hou / ect @ ect , richard elwood / hou / ect @ ect , dave
nommensen / hou / ect @ ect , kenneth m harmon / hou / ect @ ect , dana
daigle / corp / enron @ enron , kathryn cordes / hou / ect @ ect , elizabeth l
hernandez / hou / ect @ ect , julie meyers / hou / ect @ ect , b scott palmer / hou / ect @ ect ,
stephanie sever / hou / ect @ ect , dianne j swiber / hou / ect @ ect , gayle
horn / corp / enron @ enron , brant reves / hou / ect @ ect , russell diamond / hou / ect @ ect ,
debbie r brackett / hou / ect @ ect , steve jackson / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : changes in global due to consent to assignment
the following changes will be made in the global contracts database due to
receipt of executed consent to assignment for the following contracts :
current counterparty name contract type contract # ' new ' counterparty
name
ces - commonwealth energy services gisb 96029892 commonwealth energy
services
ces - samuel gary jr . & associates , inc gisb 96029302 samuel gary jr . &
associates
ces - south jersey gas company gisb 96029143 south jersey gas company
cp name change and contract type correction ( contract type different than
that provided by ces )
per ces
ces - southwest gas corporation 1 / 1 / 98 gisb 96029146
per contract file
ces - southwest gas corporation 04 / 14 / 93 master purchase / sale interruptible
( will edit global # 96029146 )
&
ces - southwest gas corporation 12 / 01 / 94 master sale firm ( created new
global record to accommodate this k , # 96037402 )
please note that southwest gas corporation has consented to the assignment of
both of these contracts .
article : ' baltic set to slug it out with enron '
please find attached the above article from the trade winds , august 24 , 2001 .
kind regards
sarimah black
fw :
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : delainey , david
sent : fri 10 / 12 / 2001 2 : 52 pm
to : lavorato , john
cc :
subject :
john , as a follow up to greg ' s call , i would like to provide equity value , in recognition of the huge effort on the ees issues plus key player on the team going forward , to the following people from ees :
options equity total
rogers herndon $ 250 k $ 250 k $ 500 k
don black $ 250 k $ 250 k $ 500 k
jeff richter $ 100 k $ 100 k $ 200 k
bernie aucoin $ 100 k $ 100 k $ 200 k
i assume that you have tim and kevin managed .
views ?
when are we going to get back together to finalize our discussions ?
regards
delainey
start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ;
start date : 1 / 5 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002010512 . txt
fw : prepayment
fyi .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : fuller , robert
to : moran , tom ; nowlan jr . , john l . ; danaher , patrick ; shankman , jeffrey a . ; bradford , william s .
sent : wed nov 21 11 : 29 : 15 2001
subject : prepayment
the notional value of the prepayment due british petroleum oil supply for december barrels will be approximately $ 17 million .
regards ,
rob fuller
schedule crawler : hourahead failure
start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 21 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011721 . txt
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
re : smoothing methodology for extracting forward forward
volatilities
tanya ,
the exponentials we tried earlier ( a + bexp ( - cx ) , etc , fit well but
gave negative numbers in the bootstrapping .
i tried a + b ( t + c ) ( - 1 ) , a standard power law , and as the ? accompanying graph shows ( for the 12 months ) , the fits are quite good . ? in this case , the ffvols do not become negative ( i believe this ? corresponds to your 0 beta ) . ? i would have preferred exp ( - t ) and variants ( can explain owing to ? mean - reverting vols ) , but the power law might be a practical alternative ? ( from an implementation standpoint ) . ? naveen ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? tanya tamarchenko @ ect ? 11 / 17 / 2000 02 : 59 pm ? to : naveen andrews / corp / enron @ enron , alex huang / corp / enron @ enron ? cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , vasant shanbhogue / hou / ect @ ect , vladimir ? gorny / hou / ect @ ect ? ? subject : re : smoothing methodology for extracting forward forward ? volatilities ? ? following up on our discussions i implemented one method for creating forward ? forward curve ? from implied vol curve . ? i sorted out 12 forward curves from an original forward vol curve , each of 12 ? curves corresponding ? to certain month . then i fitted each of 12 curves with a function : ? ? y = a + a / power ( x + b , beta ) ? ? i figured out that when beta is from ( 0 , . 5 ) the above function is suitable ? for performing our bootstrapping ? routine of deriving ff vols from implied , because : ? ? y ( x + t ) * y ( x + t ) * ( x + t ) - y ( x ) * y ( x ) * tx > 0 for all x , t . ? ? ( i have to double check on this again . also when beta > 0 . 5 there are some ? combinations of parameters a , a , b , beta ? for which above equality holds ) . even with restriction on beta this class of ? functions represents quite a variety of shapes . ? ? below you see the example of fitting as well as the example of ff vol curve ? constructed from implied vol curve for ng . ? ? i ' ll try this for power as well . ? ? any comments ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
re : hiring practices for summer interns
sally ,
thanks for the e - mail regarding summer interns . i apologize that lexi and
shelly were unable to provide you with the answers you were seeking . i wish
that you had contacted either celeste or me to indicate that you were having
difficulty . i have personally assured you on several occasions that i was
available to either speak with you or meet with you if for some reason any
member of my staff was not responsive . that being said please allow me to
explain the recruiting strategy since i was instrumental in helping to set it .
you are absolutely correct . it is great to do market research if time
permits or it is regarding an issue of which we have little knowledge . as
you are aware , over the past year we have engaged a professional recruiting
firm ( brecker & merryman ) who has assisted us in a number of different market
research projects . however , in my opinion , this issue is not one that
required much research . i have been involved in recruiting in some way ,
shape or form at both the graduate and undergraduate level for the past 10
years . most major organizations , with the exception of the accounting firms ,
begin the summer intern recruiting process in early spring . there are
actually some universities that do not allow recruitment of summer interns
until after a certain date , particularly in the mba programs . for example ,
harvard does not allow an organization to come on campus and speak to first
year students until january . as indicated , the firms that generally recruit
in the fall are the accounting firms and they are primarily recruiting for
" spring " internships .
the recruiting strategy at enron is no different this year than it was last
year with respect to summer interns . presentations were made in january however , because lexi has other school interviews that are
already scheduled she will not be in a position to facilitate the interview
process during the trip you have scheduled currently . as you are aware , in
most instances , the dates for presentations and interviews are dictated by
the respective universities and were secured in early august . if you would
like for her to try and secure an interview schedule for a later date this
fall she can certainly work with your schedule and her current schedule to
support your efforts .
i hope this has been helpful . i can understand and appreciate your
frustration if you are not getting answers from the recruiter or her
manager . again , i offer that i am available and willing to work with you if
you are having difficulty with members of the program staff .
please let me know what you decide about recruiting this fall for summer
interns and whether i can be of any additional assistance .
charlene
re : dotted versus straight lines
to all ,
i ' m on board with kieth ' s comments . i just want to make sure we are all relaying the same message to the ena organization - dotted / solid line . . . whatever . also , we are going to have to sell the resulting structure / processes / division of responsibility to the ena origination teams so that we don ' t create unnecessary divisions . this has been the case in the past - something we have all been working hard to avoid .
regards ,
brian
from : keith dodson @ enron on 03 / 20 / 2001 09 : 09 am
to : louise kitchen / hou / ect @ ect
cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect , brian stanley / eu / enron @ enron
subject : re : dotted versus straight lines
louise ,
i left a message with brian after receiving his phone message this morning , but have not had a chance to talk with him . i have told no one solid or dotted line . in response to a direct question from bruce golden in brian ' s group about what the reference to development engineers meant in the announcement , i told him development engineers were " connected " to eeos as a part to technical quality control from a corporate perspective . with others , brian stanley and i have used the concept that the development engineers are aligned to the business units but seconded from eeos . this allows movement to best satisfy corporate needs if required . we felt this approach fits our none profit center aligned to wholesale charter . as you state , we still have to work the details of our role in support of the wholesale business units .
aside , i have the least concerns with brian ' s group . with brian , we have a focal point to communicate above the day - to - day chatter and navigate over the hurdles left stacked with ee & cc baggage .
brian stanley is planning to spend a couple of weeks here sorting these types of issues .
keith dodson
louise kitchen @ ect 03 / 20 / 2001 08 : 39 am to : keith dodson / na / enron @ enron , brian stanley / eu / enron @ enron cc : brian redmond / hou / ect @ ect subject : dotted versus straight lines
until there is another agreement between the three of you the message is :
the technical staff in enron americas will continue to report on a straight line to brian who will work out the nature of his dotted line to the new group in the future .
let ' s keep the business as usual , no change message to avoid any further miscommunications until you all sit down together .
thanks
louise

epgt
mike :
i have terminated about 12 to 13 inactive inter pipe / internal pools effective 12 / 01 / 01 . there are several other inactive pools which i did not eliminate because
they had balances in it .
i also spoke to jim tobacco at epgt for at least an hour or so , going over every line item which was rejected , please get with me once you are back in the office
and i will go over the " correct " pathing procedures .
i met with richard and reviewed november transactions for epgt to determine if we could eliminate the external pools but unfortunately we cannot do this .
if we transport then we must use the external pool . however , you do not need to use internal pools but must use the imbalance pools which you are currently
using , therefore , i have terminated the internal pools .
please review the changes and let me know if this will work for you . .
i will be in touch with you after i meet with el paso .
schedule crawler : hourahead failure
start date : 1 / 16 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 6 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011606 . txt
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
fyi - mahonia structure
mahonia transaction is one way margin only because mahonia has already prepaid their leg of the transaction so there is never a scenario where the floating leg would be less than the fixed leg ( which has been bought down to 0 ) so margining is not possible in that direction . as prices fall we effectively begin to repay the transaction . we can followup in more detail later on the structure but we will also work on mitigating the margin req due to falling prices as the pipe deal closes and resources can be redeployed .
joe
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
sent from my blackberry wireless handheld ( www . blackberry . net )
calpine daily gas nomination
>
ricky a . archer
fuel supply
700 louisiana , suite 2700
houston , texas 77002
713 - 830 - 8659 direct
713 - 830 - 8722 fax
- calpine daily gas nomination 1 . doc
india database
jim / wade ,
as you are aware , i have been working with vince ' s group on the henwood model
data . the target was to have data on all india plants collected by jan . 15 th .
we all know that getting power out o maharashtra holds the key to being able
to solve the dabhol challenge . with all of your help , this model can become
the tool that tells us exactly how that can be done , and at what prices .
we are a substantial part of the way there on data collection , and have got
data of some 1500 plants across the country . the spreadsheet for the same is
attached . this will help you answer any questions that come up in calls
about the various plants . please note that we are located in the western
region , or wr in the spreadsheet . we will be further scrubbing the data and
getting more recent and accurate information , especially on maharashtra over
the next 2 - 3 days .
the henwood team will be in india on sunday , and will compare notes with the
team here . i am arranging for a presentation on the model and what it will
do .
wade - it would be good if a broad section of the team attend , including
neil , yourself and mohan . i will talk to you about a convenient time for you
in this regard .
neil & mohan - over the next week ( monday and tuesday ) i will need some time
from vivek , anshuman , ravi , and a few others , to interact with the henwood
team . i will be abliged if you can make that possible .
the first phase of model runs ( which will be done by jan . end ) will just give
us some more basic information , but i will need all of your inputs in order
to ask the right questions . the idea is that as we go along , this model will
be used to answer all types of management questions concerning dabhol , and
power evacuation out of maharashtra .
this will be critical for the team going forward .
regards ,
sandeep .
re : my involvement in leadership fort worth
ken
enron supports employees ' involvement in civic organization
and i think you should continue tour involvement with lwf .
it ' s important that we give something back to society .
you don ' t have to take a day off to attend workshops .
vince
kenneth parkhill @ enron
12 / 04 / 2000 09 : 19 am
to : vince . kaminski @ enron . com
cc :
subject : my involvement in leadership fort worth
vince ,
i am currently a candidate member of leadership fort worth through august of
2001 . i don ' t know if you are familiar with leadership houston or any other
leadership group , but it is basically a civic organization that provides a
forum for leaders to learn more about their community and opportunities for
civic leadership . for their first year , members are candidates and must
attend about 1 full - day workshop a month in fw , normally on a thursday .
after that , members can transfer to other leadership cities . i talked with
stinson about the group and he thought i should talk with you about whether
or not i should stay involved with lfw . the attached email describes the
december meeting scheduled for 12 / 14 . thanks
ken
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by kenneth parkhill / na / enron on 12 / 04 / 2000
09 : 07 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
ann @ abarr . net on 12 / 01 / 2000 11 : 35 : 42 am
please respond to
to : " william jenkins , jr . " , " walter lincoln office "
, " victor howell " ,
" vicki dickerson " , " vanessa boling "
, " steve johnson " , " sandra
short " , " rusty hodapp " , " ron
stutes " , " rob sell "
, " rita vinson " , " platt allen ,
iii " , " michelle peebles - trollope "
, " melanie hoover " , " matt
byars " , " mary jane ashmore "
, " martha musgrove " ,
" marla sapp " , " lynn lester " , " lori
smith " , " linda winkelman " ,
" liane janovsky " , " leslie pope " ,
" lauri newlin " , " kenneth parkhill "
, " keith kline " , " julie johncox "
, " john hallam " , " joe drago "
, " jim rhodes " , " jeff
conner " , " jeff cashman "
, " janet pacatte " , " janet
hahn " , " flavel chastain " ,
" duane paul " , " don allen " ,
" debbie liles " , " david wells " ,
" david duman " , " damon gaines "
, " cynthia persons phillips "
, " cynthia harnest " , " craig
goldman " , " courtney jeans " ,
" cornell thomas " , " cathy coleman " ,
" cal martinez " , " bonita maurer "
, " ardina washington "
cc :
subject : economic and workforce development day
attached is information about economic and workforce development day . ? this
class day will be thursday , december 14 , 2000
- meme economic development day dec 2000 . doc
- christmas invitation 2000 reata . doc
re : doorstep report
already taken care of . . . . . . i discussed this with sally beck and brent price
last friday and they will assure that a doorstep type review is incorporated
into aa ' s scope . all agree that this is key to the due diligence effort .
ted murphy has been the rac sponsor for doorstep so i will circle back with
him as well . i will look the scope over and provide comments once it has
been completed . call with questions .
eric gadd
05 / 06 / 2000 11 : 25
to : steve w young / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : doorstep report
steve - brent forwarded this doorstep report . on friday , we discussed
integrating a doorstep examination with aa ' s due diligence for material
adverse conditions in mg ' s business . shall i leave this with you to take up
with beth apollo and stan farmer ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by eric gadd / lon / ect on 05 / 06 / 2000 11 : 17
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
brent a price
02 / 06 / 2000 10 : 05
to : eric gadd / lon / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : doorstep report
call me if you have any questions .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by brent a price / hou / ect on 06 / 02 / 2000 04 : 00
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
rebecca morrill
05 / 03 / 2000 02 : 01 pm
to : brent a price / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : doorstep report
brent
doorstep report as presented to john sheriff .
increasing political and market pressures to erase the us / mexico
energy border - cera private report
title : us / mexico trade cross - border energy interconnections at the forefront ?
url ( s ) :
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / eprofile ? u = 35
increasing political and market pressures to erase the us / mexico energy border
the policy focus in the administrations of both vicente fox in mexico and
george w . bush in the united states , combined with the high - profile energy
crisis in california and record - level gas prices , has pushed energy trade and
interconnections to the forefront of the political agenda . cross - border energy
flows will likely be a prominent theme between the two countries in the months
ahead . however , critical technical , regulatory , and financing constraints must
be overcome before these energy flows reach the potential indicated by current
market fundamentals .
key issues affecting us - mexico cross - border energy flows include
* asymmetrical regulatory and market structures
* power grid synchronization issues
* high investment needs in a changing regulatory environment
* uncertainty of long - term regional supply - demand imbalances
* * end * *
follow above url for complete cera private report ( 18 printed pages ) .
e - mail category : private report
cera knowledge area ( s ) : mexico gas & power , western energy
cera ' s autumn 2001 roundtable event dates and agendas
are now available at http : / / www 20 . cera . com / event
to make changes to your cera . com profile go to :
forgot your username and password ? go to :
http : / / www 20 . cera . com / client / forgot
this electronic message and attachments , if any , contain information
from cambridge energy research associates , inc . ( cera ) which is
confidential and may be privileged . unauthorized disclosure , copying ,
distribution or use of the contents of this message or any attachments ,
in whole or in part , is strictly prohibited .
terms of use : http : / / www 20 . cera . com / tos
questions / comments : webmaster @ cera . com
copyright 2001 . cambridge energy research associates
please see attached spreadsheet . total headcount at 874 and total bonus $ s at 13 , 019 , 750
couple of things to note :
based on zufferli sheet , i added 11 names to the canada number but could not split btwn trading and orig
probably need to verify canda number with milnthorpe . i noticed disturnal was not on the list . is that an error ?
did not see tax listed on master cover sheet . tax would result in an add of 4 headcount and $ 220 , 000 .
portland had several changes adds in blue
please call with any questions .
re : valero
this is the data i mention to you this morning concerning valero .
i will focus on january ' 2000 and you will address nov . ' 99 and dec . ' 99 as
you stated .
if there are any scheduling issues you need my assistance on for nov . or
dec . 1999 , please let me know .
i will be on vacation thursday and friday of this week .
kenneth seaman 01 / 10 / 2000 09 : 43 am
to : howard b camp / hou / ect @ ect , robert e lloyd / hou / ect @ ect , joanie h
ngo / hou / ect @ ect
cc : gary w lamphier / hou / ect @ ect , daren j farmer / hou / ect @ ect
subject : valero
each meter is now to be treated seperately : tickets have been created
accordingly .
meter 1233
base 148376
swing 148382
buyback 148381
meter 1394
base 148390
swing 148391
buyback 148396
meter 8018
base 148376
swing 148382
buyback 148381
volume management will need to set up accounting arrangements to cover
november and december 1999 . scheduling will repath and renom unify , and
reallocate pops for january .
if anyone has anything to add to this please let me know .
ken
interview schedule for liz bellamy - today
attached please find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .
the interview will happen thursday july 13 , 2000 . please print all three
documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of
schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .
enron / hpl actuals for january 29 , 2001
teco tap 28 . 333 / enron
schedule crawler : hourahead failure
start date : 1 / 17 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 12 ; hourahead schedule download failed . manual intervention required .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011712 . txt
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
! ! ! unknown database .
alias : dbcaps 97 data
error : dbcaps 97 data : cannot perform this operation on a closed database
canada management summary change
hi louise ,
do you agree with the request below ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : day , misti
sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 12 : 57 pm
to : killen , faith
subject : fw : cdn hotlist
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : patterson , grant
sent : thursday , april 26 , 2001 12 : 11 pm
to : day , misti
cc : cappelletto , nella ; milnthorp , rob ; dadson , aleck
subject : cdn hotlist
i will be taking over the weekly hotlist from marlene cameron and will be sending the weekly updates vis e - mail . rob milnthorp has requested that the following change be made to the weekly management summary report ( 2 nd qtr . 2001 earnings estimate ) :
eliminate the retail ( milnthorp ) line and shift the balances into the executive ( milnthorp ) lines .
can you respond to me via e - mail once the above request has been addressed ?
thank you
grant
re : interview
steve ,
i submitted my evaluation . general impression was rather
negative : he seems to be a consultant type person
who speaks about everything with confidence but is short on depth
and technical details .
he is personable , outspoken , organized - on the positive
side .
also , the red flag is that he jumps from job to job : typical after
18 - 24 months when any organization can ascertain his usefulness .
vince
from : stephen stock / enron @ enronxgate on 04 / 17 / 2001 01 : 03 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : interview
hi vince ,
what did you think of david hsu ?
my thoughts .
overall a good guy . personable . intelligent .
he could communicate reasonably well , but seemed to be capable of losing objectivity in favour of technical advancement .
he didn ' t seem comfortable with taking a man - management role ( at least he didn ' t want to be an ' administrator ' )
he appeared to know a lot about risk . ( in fact jay web called me to say he felt david was one of the better risk guys he had seen but also commented that he needed to be coupled with a project manager to be successfull ) .
regards
steve
electricity prices
vince ,
please find attached electricity prices file , let me know if you need any
additional information .
sincerely , elena
el paso asked to expand ?
note : did this request really happen this way ? why would the ferc ask one
pipeline to expand and not all of them feeding
the state . what have you all heard ?
ferc asks el paso to expand
a key ferc staffer this week asked el paso natural gas to consider switching
its line 2000 crude - oil conversion from a replacement project to an expansion
of its existing system to ease pipeline capacity constraints to the
california border .
" i am writing to inquire about the feasibility of modifying the . . . project in
a manner which could assist the difficult situation now confronting the
california gas market , " said daniel m . adamson , director of ferc ' s office of
energy projects .
in august , el paso filed an application to acquire an existing 30 - inch
diameter , 1 , 088 - mile crude oil pipeline from plains all american pipeline
l . p . , and convert part of it to natural gas transportation . the line extends
from mccamey , tx , to bakersfield , ca . el paso seeks to convert the 785 - mile
segment from mccamey to ehrenberg , az , to gas . el paso proposed the line 2000
project as a loop line to replace existing compression , and not as a system
expansion .
" it appears that if el paso kept the six . . . compressor stations on the line
and implemented any necessary facility additions and modifications to
integrate the converted line with its existing south system , it may be
possible for el paso to increase its delivery capacity into california , "
adamson said .
he asked el paso to consider this option , given " the current difficult energy
situation there [ in california ] and the consequent need to examine all
possible options for substantive relief " of the situation . " i am interested
in your thoughts on this matter , including the feasibility of such an
expansion , the magnitude of facilities and costs which might be involved , who
would bear those costs , and possible procedural approaches . "
if this " is not a viable option , please indicate whether el paso is
considering other options for system expansion which would enhance gas
transmission capacity into california , " adamson wrote .
- -
re : newco regulatory list
no
yeung + lindberg are gone
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
jim steffes
enron
fw : i am # 470
i have felt a renewed heart for god , a fresh spirit . i have been in the word lately and doug and i have to committed to prayer time together each morning . it has brought a more positive attitude , much joy , and thankfulness on my part . and , yes , satan has already tried to steal that joy . but he will not prevail , i will not let him . so in those times when i feel that any bit of joy is seeping away , i begin to pray . i found this prayer to be refreshing and worded well . please read it , it may just jumpstart your day and you ' ll be filled with joy . have a great day ! amber
please take a moment to relax your mind and
humble your heart to focus on christ .
allow god , to be the only person on your
mind while you read this prayer . if we can
take the time to read long jokes , stories , etc . ,
we should give the same respect to this prayer .
friends that pray together , stay together .
let ' s pray . . .
father god ,
i thank you for this day . i thank you for my
being able to see and to hear
this morning . i ' m blessed because you are a
forgiving god and an
understanding god . you have done so much for me
and you keep on blessing me .
forgive me this day for everything i have done ,
said or thought that was not
pleasing to you . i ask now for your forgiveness .
please keep me safe from all danger and harm .
help me to start this day
with a new attitude and plenty of gratitude . let
me make the best of each
and every day to clear my mind so that i can hear
from you .
please broaden my mind that i can accept all
things . let me not whine and
whimper over things i have no control over . let
me continue to see sin
through god ' s eyes and acknowledge it as evil .
and when i sin , let me
repent , and confess with my mouth my wrongdoing ,
and receive the forgiveness
of god .
and when this world closes in on me , let me
remember jesus ' example - to
slip away and find a quiet place to pray . it ' s
the best response when i ' m
pushed beyond my limits . i know that when i can ' t
pray , you listen to my heart . continue to use me to do
your will . ? continue to bless me that i may
be a blessing to others .
keep me strong that i may help the weak . keep me
uplifted that i may have
words of encouragement for others . i pray for
those that are lost and can ' t
find their way .
i pray for those that are misjudged and
misunderstood . i pray for those who
don ' t know you intimately . i pray for those that
will delete this without
sharing it with others . i pray for those that
don ' t believe . but i thank
you that i believe .
i believe that god changes people and god changes
things . i pray for all my sisters and brothers . for each
and every family member in their households .
i pray for peace , love and joy in their homes
that they are out of debt and all their needs are met .
i pray that every eye that reads this knows there
is no problem , circumstance , or situation greater than god .
every battle is in your hands for you to fight . i pray that
these words be received into the hearts of every eye that sees
them and every mouth that confesses them willingly .
this is my prayer .
in jesus ' name , amen .
if you prayed this prayer , change the number in the subject
box before forwarding the message so people can see how
many people have done so .
> > > > > > > >
god bless ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
just repeat this phrase and see how god moves ! !
? ? ? lord i love you and i need you , come into my
? ? ? heart , please .
= = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = ? easy unsubscribe click here : http : / / topica . com / u / ? a 84 vnf . a 9 ivhm or send an email to : brcc . yf - unsubscribe @ topica . com ? this email was sent to : dfarmer @ enron . com ? t o p i c a - - register now to manage your mail ! http : / / www . topica . com / partner / tago 2 / register = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = = =
advisory council meeting - october 30 - 31 , 2001
please note that the next meeting of the enron advisory council is october 30 - 31 in london . if you plan to be in london on other business you are welcome at attend , but your attendance is not mandatory . please contact joannie williamson at 713 - 853 - 1769 , or via e - mail if you plan to attend .
the final agenda is being developed and will be distributed well in advance of the meeting .
ken
natural gas nomination for 04 / 00
enron methanol nominates the following natural gas requirements for the
methanol plant for april 2000 :
34 , 000 mmbtu per day
egpfc nominates the following natural gas requirements for the mtbe plant at
morgan ' s point for april 2000 :
9 , 000 mmbtu per day
enron year end 2000 performance management process
enron ' s year - end 2000 performance management process opens on :
wednesday , october 25 th .
during this process , you will be able to suggest reviewers who can provide
feedback on your performance . in addition , you may be requested to provide
feedback on fellow employees . to participate in the feedback process , access
the performance management system ( pep ) at http : / / pep . corp . enron . com . your
userid and password are provided below .
the system will be open for feedback from october 25 th - november 17 th , and
help desk representatives will be available to answer questions throughout
the process . you may contact the help desk at :
houston : 1 - 713 - 853 - 4777 , option 4
london : 44 - 207 - 783 - 4040 , option 4
e - mail : perfmgmt @ enron . com
during the year - end prc process , employee profiles will be made available at
meetings . if you haven ' t already done so , we encourage you to update your
personal information and current responsibilities before the meeting process
begins on november 20 th . please access ehronline at
http : / / ehronline . enron . com ( london users please go to http : / / home . enron . co . uk
, click on quick links , and choose hr online ) .
your user id & password are :
user id : 90125268
password : welcome
re : contact for kevin howell at dominion
thanks .
rahil jafry
e - mail : rahil . jafry @ enron . com
work : 713 . 853 . 3206
cell : 281 . 704 . 1060
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
to : jafry , rahil
cc : schoppe , tammie
sent : thu oct 25 21 : 25 : 02 2001
subject : re : contact for kevin howell at dominion
left a voicemail for him .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : jafry , rahil
sent : thursday , october 25 , 2001 4 : 20 pm
to : kitchen , louise
cc : schoppe , tammie
subject : contact for kevin howell at dominion
louise ,
as discussed in the meeting , kevin ' s contact details are as follows :
work : 804 . 273 . 4848
cell : 804 . 921 . 3726
let me know when you ' ve spoken with him so we can follow - up as needed .
- r
re : amendment to im ii ppa
todd and louise ,
with respect to no . 1 below , i will check with mike curry to get his view on " contract intent " .
with respect to no . 2 and no . 3 , the answer is absolutely " no " as they are material changes to the contract that have significant value issues . since i personally requested these changes to the original contract ( in the negotiation process ) , i know what the contract intent was and continues to be .
if aep is still the equity buyer , they have complete control over the " grid curtailment " and associated termination risk in item no . 2 since they are the transmission owning utility in the region .
the total epmi ppa ( as of 9 / 17 cob ) value is currently $ 18 . 5 million . my estimate for ppa value erosion for amendments no . 2 and no . 3 is $ 8 - 10 million . obviously , the $ erosion value is somewhat subjective , however , the transmission risk / grid curtailment risk on this project is significant and the termination event for grid curtailment is essential to mitigate what could be substantial downside for epmi . the reason i had mike ensure this provision was in the current ppa was to shift some of that risk back to enron wind and now enron wind is trying to push it to the project lenders ( who also don ' t want the risk ) .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lindholm , tod a .
sent : mon 9 / 17 / 2001 5 : 54 pm
to : presto , kevin m . ; curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael
cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise
subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa
kevin ,
ewc requires three clarifications to the ppa in order to get the project financed and sold . all previously requested amendments proposed by the equity purchaser have been dropped , and ewc will take the resulting pricing reduction .
i want to make sure you understand how minor these three clarifications are . these clarifications conform to the original deal and are not changes to the deal .
1 . banking provisions . ewc and epmi agreed that energy and renewable energy credits ( " recs " ) produced by the indian mesa ii wind generating facility in any year in excess of the annual minimum quantity would , on a cumulative basis , offset any deficiencies of energy and recs in subsequent years . section 4 . 04 of the agreement does not clearly provide the cumulative carryover mechanism which was contemplated by the parties . ( this section originally provided for the carryover , but in an effort to simplify the language , the aggregate carryover concept was clouded . ) both the project lenders and the proposed equity purchaser have required that the point be clarified . there has never been a disagreement between epmi and ewc on the intention of the carryover banking provisions . epmi ' s most recent refusal to make this clarification now appears to be a change in the original deal
2 . grid curtailment ewc and epmi drafted the contract with specific provisions relating to termination resulting from grid curtailment , section 5 . 04 . there is an ambiguity in that grid curtailment could also be covered under the termination provision relating to force majeure under section 5 . 02 . this inconsistency is the problem . neither ewc nor epmi were to pay damages to the other party in the event of grid curtailment . the proposed equity purchasers have requested that the force majeure provisions of the ppa be clarified to make it clear that extended grid curtailment would not give rise to termination payments . this clarification is consistent with the original intent of the parties and is not a change to the deal .
3 . epmi credit support . epmi ' s obligations under the ppa are guaranteed by enron . the indian mesa ii ppa permits epmi to assign the ppa to certain affiliates without consent of the seller . any assignment by epmi would not relieve it of its duties and obligations under the contract , and the enron guarantee would remain in place . however , the project lenders have required clarification that the enron guarantee would either explicitly remain in place or that the assignee would have a credit quality at least as good as enron corp ' s credit quality . the project lender ' s have also requested that the termination payment provisions be clarified to provide that any substitute ppa used to calculate a termination payment would also need to be with a party that had a credit quality similar to enron corp ' s , since that is the credit that is supporting the indian mesa ii ppa . this will not affect the value of the contract to a third party since enron bears this obligation unless released by the project .
under the dispute resolution provisions of the ppa we could certainly pursue declaratory relief under arbitration . our sense is that this does nothing but ensure delay .
from an enron perspective :
the sale of the equity and the financing of the non - recourse debt on the indian mesa ii project is currently at a standstill due to issues surrounding the ambiguities in the ppa
while the debt financing for the indian mesa i project is in place ( different offtaker ) the proposed equity sale to aep is linked to the sale of the indian mesa ii project .
if enron cannot move forward with the financing of the project within the next month , enron will likely end up with approximately $ 153 m less cash at year end than it counted on in its plan , in addition to any decrease in planned earnings
the after - tax return to enron in a " hold " situation is 0 % , due to enron being in the alternative minimum tax position , i . e . it cannot use the tax benefits .
it was clear in the discussions with the city of san antonio that these clarifications would have had no affect on value .
tod
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : presto , kevin m .
sent : saturday , september 15 , 2001 2 : 41 pm
to : curry , mike ; lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a .
cc : murphy , harlan ; kitchen , louise
subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa
i would like to make the message even more clear . epmi will not be making any changes , amendments , clarifications , interpretations , etc . to the current indian mesa ii ppa . therefore , any proposed purchaser of the indian mesa facility must evaluate the contract based on their own legal and commercial interpretation .
i don ' t think it is productive to spend any more time on this discussion . we will continue provide enron wind with the ppa value on a daily basis such that total shareholder value is maximized for any proposed wind transaction ( sale of company and / or sale of im project ) .
please feel free to call me to discuss ( 713 - 853 - 5035 )
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : curry , mike
sent : fri 9 / 14 / 2001 3 : 11 pm
to : lamb , john ; payne , michael ; lindholm , tod a .
cc : presto , kevin m . ; murphy , harlan
subject : re : amendment to im ii ppa
we are not interested in these changes to the ppa . these changes will weaken the language in the contract for us ( i . e . improve it for aep that is probably why they are asking for the " clarifications " ) . i will be out next week on vacation so please address any further concerns in my absence to kevin presto . regards , - mike
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : lamb , john
sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 10 : 28 am
to : curry , mike
cc : lindholm , tod a . ; payne , michael ; godfrey , jay
subject : amendment to im ii ppa
mike : attached is our proposed amendment to the indian mesa ii ppa . it deals with the banking clarification ( section 4 . 04 amendments ) , grid curtailment clarification ( section 5 . 02 amendments ) , guaranty clarifications requested by the lenders ( section 5 . 05 and 9 . 03 amendments ) , and the ercot amendment ( section 3 . 04 amendments ) that we have discussed . please note that the ercot restriction would permit international sales , such as to mexico , but would otherwise restrict epmi ' s sales of energy from the wind facility to other locations within ercot . in the preparation of this draft , we used the same amendment that was previously sent to you by e - mail on 8 / 22 / 01 . that e - mail had a redline with it to show the changes to the banking provisions . please let us know whether this draft is acceptable or whether you have any questions or comments on the amendment . thanks
regards
john
>
dwr option expires
fyi - we proposed several alternatives to dwr that would effectively extend our put swaption through the end of april for a cost to ena of approximately $ 5 mm . none of those were acceptable to dwr . the option will therefore expire at 5 : 00 ppt today . vikram budraja , advisor to gov davis , suggested that we are not dealing in good faith and suggested that he will speak with ken lay ( we have heard this several dozen times ) . in any event , i expect to talk with dwr tomorrow to propose a short - term transaction . they might accept it , reject it or prefer one of the term option proposals .
unify / sitara enhancements
i am compiling a list of unify enhancements related to texas operations for
brenda . please provide me your lists by end of day today . i am looking for
enhancements that are specific to texas . if you have any questions , please
call me @ 36373 . the major ones that i have are : the transport contracting
process , processing hourly transactions , enhancing the shipper imbalance
worksheet , multiple service classes on the same contract , consolidated ua 4
tracking , and any enhancements occuring from project torque .
thanks , mve
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by michael eiben / hou / ect on 05 / 01 / 2000 09 : 21
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
enron north america corp .
from : brenda f herod 04 / 25 / 2000 12 : 05 pm
to : steve venturatos / hou / ect @ ect , michael eiben / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : unify / sitara enhancements
please schedule a meeting with me to review the enhancements lising - the
prioritizations and status . i am interested in understanding the listing of
enhancements , the benefits of the enhancements , what is required of both user
and it resources to complete the enhancements , who the resources are and the
status of completion . it should cover all systems - sitara , unify ( mops ,
volume management and settlements ) and pops . please include anyone else
( management team , it , etc . ) who is necessary to ensure thorough explanations .
henwood stuff and thoughts about valuation
did you guys get this ?
i was too interested in the conversation to interrupt with comments about
risk / return if the decision would be covered in rates , it is the
customers ' curves or equivalently the puc ' s curve .
i think if i were going to approach valuation in commodities where the
assumptions of black / scholes do not apply , i would start with the capm for
large industries in an area , use pro formas to translate this to utility
curves for the input commodities , and add the utility curves .
another issue : the factor that explains why enron is lowest bidder is its
role in the market . in the 1930 s , keynes argued that if most market
participants with long position were hedgers , futures prices would be higher
than spot ; if they were speculators or traders , future prices would be lower
than spot . traders must be compensated for holding the risk ; hedgers
( including utilities and consumers ) are willing to pay a premium for the
certainty . consequently , enron traders have bigger bid / ask spreads and lower
bid prices .
just some random thoughts ,
michael
- - - - - original message - - - - -
date : 01 / 04 / 2001 10 : 41 am ( thursday )
from : " heather mason "
to : hq 3 . em 5 ( michael schilmoeller )
mark your calendar - tuesday january 23 , 2001 downtown houston hyatt hotel
henwood will be hosting a comprehensive ercot symposium on tuesday , january
23 , 2001 . a team of henwood regional power market specialists will be
presenting the latest analysis and
information to assist you in preparing for the new ercot restructured power
market , in addition to an anlysis of the issues now playing out in the wscc
markets . coffee and registration will
begin at 9 : 30 am and the program will run until 3 : 00 pm . lunch and snacks
will be provided .
agenda topics include :
* what will be the critical - success factors for qualified scheduling entities
operating in ercot ' s new wholesale & retail markets ?
* how will market restructuring impact mid to long - term wholesale prices ?
* what is the outlook for new generation ?
* what are the impacts of upcoming emission regulations on ercot ' s generation
resources ?
* what are the new analytical tools available to capture market uncertainty
impacts to your supply contracts and generation assets ?
* what are the restructuring lessons learned from the california experience
and the implications to ercot ?
in conjunction with this program , henwood will have a demonstration room
available to present its latest software applications and e - business
solutions . a nominal $ 75 registration fee is required
to reserve a space in the workshop .
for more information or to reserve your spot , please contact heather mason at
henwood : hmason @ hesinet . com or 916 / 569 - 0985 .
about henwood : henwood offers integrated business solutions , strategic
consulting , and innovative e - business applications to meet the challenges of
the restructured energy markets throughout
north america , australia , and europe , serving clients that include eight of
the ten top utilities in north america , in addition to energy services
providers and power marketers .
re : abstract
thanks
vince . this is good but i also need a title . it would be good if you can as
part of the talk present an example of a technical problem addressed by your
group describing the problem and the general methodology employed or
developed . you can also start with an introduction about your organization
and the program .
shmuel
shmuel s . oren , professor
dept . of industrial engineering
and operations research
4117 etcheverry hall
university of california
berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777
e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu
phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484
fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from :
to :
cc : ;
sent : monday , october 02 , 2000 6 : 44 am
subject : abstract
> shmuel ,
>
> this is the abstract for my presentation on the 23 rd of october .
> i am in london and paris this week . i can be reached at my
> private e - mail address vkaminski @ aol . com .
>
> please , feel free to suggest modifications to the abstract .
>
>
>
> vince
>
>
> * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * * *
>
> > the last three years were characterized by exceptionally high volatility
> of
> > the power prices in the us markets . the market developments have created
> a
> > number of unique challenges for energy industry economists . one
immediate
> > question we have to answer is how to measure volatility of energy
prices .
> > although we can all agree that the prices in the power markets are
> > characterized by high variability , the traditional measures used in
> financial
> > economics ( annualized standard deviation of log price returns ) may not
> fit
> > well electricity prices . the second challenge is to explain the sources
> of
> > high price volatility and to answer the question to what extent it can
be
> > attributed to problems that can be addressed in the long run . such
> problems
> > include flaws in market design that allow some market participants to
> abuse
> > market power , limited availability and / or unequal access to
transmission ,
> > temporary shortages of generation capacity . some factors underlying high
> > volatility of electricity prices may be of permanent nature and may be a
> > necessary price to pay for increased market efficiency and expanded
> customer
> > choice .
>
>
seasonal greetings
seasonal greetings and best wishes for a happy and prosperous new year !
les .
dr . les clewlow
visiting research fellow , school of finance and economics , university of
technology , sydney , australia .
associate research fellow , financial options research centre , warwick
business school , coventry , uk , cv 4 7 al .
director , lacima group ltd . 55 skylines village , limeharbour , london , el 4
9 ts , uk . phn : + 44 ( 0 ) 171 531 9628 , fax : + 44 ( 0 ) 171 538 5781
www : http : / / www . lacimagroup . com
institutional investor journals profile update confirmation
thank you for updating your ii journals profile information . changes to your
user id , password and e - mail address have been made . please allow 24 hours
for any other changes you ' ve made to take effect in our system . here is the
profile information we have for you :
account number : 12973228
first name : vince
last name : kaminski
company name : enron corp
position : managing director
department :
address 1 : 1400 smith st eb 1962
address 2 :
city : houston
state : tx
zip code : 77002 - 7327
country : usa
phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 3848
extension :
fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 2503
foreign phone :
foreign fax :
email : vkamins @ enron . com
user id : vkaminski
password : italia
risk memo - cargill , incorporated and global advisors limited
please see attached .
fw : ena customer list
see below .
jeff
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : berkeland , bill
sent : friday , september 14 , 2001 6 : 48 am
to : shankman , jeffrey a .
subject : re : ena customer list
more info .
bill berkeland
enron global markets l . l . c .
bill . berkeland @ enron . com
( 713 ) 853 - 7004
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shankman , jeffrey a .
sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 5 : 19 pm
to : berkeland , bill
subject : re : ena customer list
could you also include the products that each trade with us ?
thanks . jeff
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : berkeland , bill
sent : thursday , september 13 , 2001 3 : 15 pm
to : shankman , jeffrey a .
subject : ena customer list
jeff , i appologize for the delay . here is the list of customers that remain in fred ' s group .
>
bill berkeland
enron global markets l . l . c .
bill . berkeland @ enron . com
( 713 ) 853 - 7004

start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ;
start date : 1 / 12 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 23 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002011223 . txt
merlin summary memo for distribution for 11 am meeting tomorrow
attached please find the memo that will be discussed in the 3 / 7 / 01 meeting on merlin at 11 : 00 am .
if you have any questions , please contact me at x 3 - 0420 .
thank you ,
megan angelos
assistant to joe deffner
march government affairs update
attached is the march government affairs report . i will set up some time to discuss soon .
jim
re : hello from vince kaminski at enron
vince ,
thank you for forwarding the following messages . i am sorry that i am just
now getting back to you , my lotus notes was down all afternoon yesterday .
we currently have the cal berkeley general presentation set for wednesday ,
october 18 th at 7 : 00 p . m . which works out well because it is just prior to
the time deadline for students to submit their resumes . the general
presentation is a general overview of enron , the program , the interview
process , as well as a chance for students to meet and chat with enron reps .
since this is the first year that we are recruiting from cal berkeley , i
think that it is important that i attend this event on campus so that i can
answer any interview process questions . i will check the schedule and see if
it is possible to move the presentation to the 23 rd . the only negative is
that i will not be able to attend because i will be conducting interviews at
rice that day . also , it is very difficult to find a location to hold the
presentation , and i need to check on location availability on the 23 rd .
however , i do think that we should take advantage of the seminar on campus .
this may mean that they are two seperate trips to campus . perhaps , we can
also set up some other presentations for the 23 rd or even the monday prior .
although i would like to be able to attend the class / seminar presentations , i
don ' t think that it is as vital as the general presentation .
what are your thoughts ?
thanks ,
ashley
vince j kaminski @ ect
08 / 24 / 2000 08 : 58 am
to : " shmuel oren "
cc : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect , ashley baxter / corp / enron @ enron
subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron
shmuel ,
thanks for the message . i am working with our recruiter , ashley baxter ,
to finalize the date of the trip . i shall shoot for october the 23 rd
if this date works for the rest of our team .
vince
" shmuel oren " on 08 / 23 / 2000 11 : 46 : 19 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : re : hello from vince kaminski at enron
dear vince .
i sent you a reply earlier this month but i haven ' t heard from you about the
date of your visit . our department has a seminar every monday . if you can
schedule your visit on a monday i would like to invite you to give a seminar
which will be attended by many of our graduate students and faculty and will
give you an opportunity to tell them about your program . with sufficient
lead - time i can advertise the seminar in the hass school to their financial
engineering students .
shmuel .
shmuel s . oren , professor
dept . of industrial engineering
and operations research
4117 etcheverry hall
university of california
berkeley , ca 94720 - 1777
e - mail : oren @ ieor . berkeley . edu
phone : ( 510 ) 642 - 1836 or 5484
fax : ( 510 ) 642 - 1403
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from :
to : ; ;
sent : tuesday , august 08 , 2000 10 : 59 am
subject : hello from vince kaminski at enron
> shmuel ,
>
> i hope you remember me . i visited you together with aram sogomonian , a
> good friend of mine , a few years ago . i am currently responsible , among
> other things , for recruiting graduates with finance and / or technical
> backgrounds at the university of berkeley . i would be glad to give you a
> call and talk more about the details of our program . my colleague ,
> ashleybaxter , from the analyst / associate program at enron would join me
> as well .
>
> i am sending you a copy of the brochure about the analyst / associate
> program .
>
> vince kaminski
>
>
> vincent kaminski
> managing director - research
> enron corp .
> 1400 smith street
> room ebl 962
> houston , tx 77002 - 7361
>
> phone : ( 713 ) 853 3848
> fax : ( 713 ) 646 2503
> e - mail : vkamins @ enron . com
>
optical network engineering & enron research offsite meeting
hi john , as per our discussion and e - mails , i am suggesting the following
dates for the subject offsite : april 14 & 15 th ( friday & sat ) . place and
agenda to follow once this date is nailed up . the heads of each group will
decide who will attend . we would also invite kevin hannon , scott yeager , tom
gros , ted seitz and jean mrha once the dates and agenda are agreed upon by
the technical folks .
as before , the idea is to introduce the two of the most technical groups
within enron and to exchange ideas and issues . the enron research team will
provide trading and modeling presentations and the optical network
engineering team will present networking and components related topics .
take away from the two days will be to provide john griebling ' s group with
better understanding about how the trading markets have developed in general
and energy markets in particular via enron ( i . e . , how the sausage was
made ! ) . likewise , john ' s group will provide us with better understanding of
optical networking from a technical perspective . particularily , how ebs is
planning to develop the puplic switched optical network ( pson ) that john has
' branded ' our pooling point based network !
please reply asap if these two days ( april 14 & 15 ) will work . additionally ,
john , is the original suggestion to hold it in scott yeager ' s cabin somewhere
up in colorado mts . still holds ? if yes , i should probably let scott know !
if not , i ' ll try to find other places - - any suggestions , anyone ?
regards ,
ravi .
great divide lodge
vince and shirley :
i have spoken with steve collins the national sales manager at great divide
lodge . he has agreed to honor our $ 6000 . 00 credit as long as we fulfill the
following two requirements :
confirm reservations prior to july 31
hold event prior to thanksgiving
the appropriate contact number is 970 . 453 . 3152 steven collins
thanks for working with us on that .
paula
re : my new appointment is announced ! !
depends where they insert it
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : nettelton , marcus
sent : friday , november 30 , 2001 11 : 16 am
to : kitchen , louise ; port , david ; wallumrod , ellen
subject : my new appointment is announced ! !
sec ' s pitt promises swift probe into enron
dow jones news service , 11 / 30 / 01
fort pierce project
louise ,
as i am sure you are aware , our current plans on fort pierce include going back to fpua and being honest with them ( i . e . letting them know that the transaction as currently structured is not likely to proceed ) . the goal of our meeting with fpua is to be both fair and honest and to provide them with the opportunity to make the project more feasible by making economic concessions . one concern that i have heard is that fpua may incorrectly assume that our visit has little to do with the reason mentioned above and more to do with enron ' s recent troubles . because fpua is a municipal entity and this project has been closely followed by the media , this discussion is likely to make it into the newspapers and any conclusions reached by fpua may be announced for all the world to see . do you have any suggestions for how this situation should be handled ? should eric thode be consulted ?
stuart
start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ;
start date : 12 / 13 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 8 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001121308 . txt
re : an additional move
pam , this is an updated copy of the form . please disregard the first note sent .
thanks again ,
adr
audrey robertson
01 / 23 / 2001 02 : 01 pm
to : pamela daily / fgt / enron @ enron
cc : michelle lokay / et & s / enron @ enron , kevin hyatt / et & s / enron @ enron ( bcc : audrey robertson / et & s / enron )
subject : an additional move
pam , at your convenience , would you please handle the attached request for kevin hyatt . we would like to move michelle lokay over one space in the dogbone area .
please see request attached .
benchmarking questionnaires
david ,
i am sending you the questions submitted by petronas for our meeting on
feb 8 .
are you going to invite additional rac people to the meeting ( bill bradford
would be helpful with credit questions , bjorn may be interested as well ) .
vince
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by vince j kaminski / hou / ect on 01 / 23 / 2001
09 : 43 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
khairuddinbmjaafar @ petronas . com . my on 01 / 22 / 2001 09 : 34 : 16 pm
please respond to khairuddin _ mjaafar @ petronas . com . my
to : vkamins @ ect . enron . com
cc : azminab @ petronas . com . my
subject : benchmarking questionnaires
vince ,
attached are two sets of benchmarking questionnaires for your kind perusal .
regards ,
khairuddin
( see attached file : q _ bench _ rms . doc ) ( see attached file : feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc )
disclaimer : this e - mail and any files transmitted with it ( " message " )
is intended only for the use of the recipient ( s ) named above and may
contain confidential information . you are hereby notified that the
taking of any action in reliance upon , or any review , retransmission ,
dissemination , distribution , printing or copying of this message or any
part thereof by anyone other than the intended recipient ( s ) is strictly
prohibited . if you have received this message in error , you should
delete this message immediately and advise the sender by return e - mail .
opinions , conclusions and other information in this message that do not
relate to the official business of petronas or its group of companies
shall be understood as neither given nor endorsed by petronas or any of
the companies within the group .
( embedded image moved to file : pic 24962 . pcx )
- q _ bench _ rms . doc
- feb 5 - 17 , 2001 . doc
- pic 24962 . pcx
tenaska iv
the attached memo is being forwarded at the request of jeff hodge .
joanne rozycki
senior administrative assistant
enron north america corp .
1400 smith street , eb 3880 d
houston , tx 77002
phone : ( 713 ) 853 - 5968 fax : ( 713 ) 646 - 3490
email : joanne . rozycki @ enron . com
re : nom / actual flow for april 4 th
we agree
" eileen ponton " on 04 / 05 / 2001 11 : 00 : 46 am
to : david avila / lsp / enserch / us @ tu , charlie stone / texas utilities @ tu , melissa
jones / texas utilities @ tu , hpl . scheduling @ enron . com , liz . bellamy @ enron . com
cc :
subject : nom / actual flow for april 4 th
nom mcf mmbtu
20 , 000 19 , 909 20 , 447
btu = 1 . 027
re : datren williams acceptance
you are right , vince . . . . celeste and i did discuss it , and she approved his
feb . start date .
datren does know about that , so it sounds like it is cleared up .
thanks so much , and we are sorry for the confusion !
carol
vince j kaminski
10 / 12 / 2000 03 : 58 pm
to : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect
cc : carol coats / hou / ect @ ect
subject : re : datren williams acceptance
stinson ,
i think it ' s a mistake . it should be february .
vince
stinson gibner
10 / 10 / 2000 08 : 11 pm
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : datren williams acceptance
fyi
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by stinson gibner / hou / ect on 10 / 10 / 2000
08 : 10 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
carol coats
09 / 29 / 2000 02 : 36 pm
to : celeste roberts / hou / ect @ ect
cc : stinson gibner / hou / ect @ ect
subject : datren williams acceptance
celeste ,
i just received datren williams ' acceptance with the following note attached :
" my graduation date ( ph . d . candidate from lsu ) is dec . 2000 . celeste roberts
has informed me that i would have the option of starting work feb . 2001 . i am
under the impression that i will start in feb . 2001 . my offer letter has a
start date
of aug . 2001 . if this is a problem , please give me a call .
looking forward to working at enron .
thanks a million ,
datren w . "
please let me know if he may in fact start in feb . 2001 , and if so , do you
have
a specific date for him , or may he choose ?
thanks , celeste ,
carol
competitive analysis update # 7 - us terrorism attacks
us financial markets
emergency site relocation
the emergency site relocation for firms affected by the wtc bombing is going well on the fixed income and commodities trading side . trading is being relocated largely to new jersey and connecticut . there was very significant contingency planning here , and it is being put to good use . the futures and equities markets are not moving as quickly due to telecommunications problems . bond trading , which will resume in tokyo tonight ( as reported in the press ) , means that the cash market in the us should start to come back tomorrow .
forex
the foreign exchange markets have been quiet , as the fed reportedly stepped in and told people to settle their outstanding issues , but not to initiate new directional positions or large arbitrages .
insurance
the insurance firms most affected by the crisis are ing reinsurance and allianz . these firms may have capital issues from insuring losses related to the crisis - they were overconcentrated in this area .
transportation / infrastructure issues
telecommunications
communication issues continue to be the biggest problem . this is the only area where sufficient redundancy was lacking . for example , citigroup is having problems with e - mail capacity and is cutting back on all non - essential e - mails . this continues to be the chief barrier to resuming operations .
crude / products / refineries
loop terminal now restored to regular operations .
maritime traffic
according to dow jones , dry bulk shipowners were reluctant to lease out vessels on long - term contracts wednesday , after terrorist attacks in the u . s . tuesday brought security issues to the fore
air traffic
midway airlines announced today that effective immediately it has suspended all future flight operations . their press release states that " this action is being taken at this time in order to preserve the value available for midway ' s interest holders and with the recognition that following the recent terrorist attacks demand for air transportation is expected to decline sharply . "
us - canada border
bc border open but moving very slowly . delay for trucks at bc truck crossing now up to about 6 hrs . truckers being sorted into two groups , those with papers and order and those without papers in order . all trucks being checked extensively . only us residents and those on important business are being let back into the us .
rail traffic
all canadian pacfiic railway ( cpr - freight ) operations in canada and the us continuing to operate as normal . all cpr border crossings open and moving as planned .
politics
saudi oil minister states that saudi arabia and opec to cooperate to cover any oil supply shortage .
nato expresses support for us ; bolstering likelihood of massive reprisal .
fw : cancellation of the master tasking letter
fyi
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : coleman , mike
sent : 13 september 2001 09 : 51
to : dodson , keith ; stanley , brian
cc : duran , w . david ; jacoby , ben ; irvin , steve ; kroll , heather ; virgo , robert ; mays , wayne ; morris , sandy ; golden , bruce ; rose , steven ; chmielewski , robert ; rimbau , robert w . ; coffer , walter ; austin , terri ; booth , eric ; newlin , ross ; garrison , john ; aboudaher , omar ; williams , dan e . ; gordon , d ' ann
subject : cancellation of the master tasking letter
keith and brian ,
ena management has declined to approve extention of the master tasking letter . the result of this is that no funding is approved for any work by eos other than by the few specific tasking letters that have been approved for specific tasks . as of tomorrow , 15 september , the mtl will be closed and no further charges will be accepted against this charge number .
going forward , no charges for eos or other services outside ena will be authorized except those approved under a signed tasking letter specific to the relevant project . no tasking letter will be issues for approval until the responsible ena developer / originator establishes an ena charge number against which charges applied to a tasking letter can be charged .
we will attempt to schedule a meeting next week to wrap up costs and review any on - going critical needs . in the meantime , inform any of your staff charging to the mtl that this charge number is closed after tomorrow .
thanks !
mike
chris sherman - re : hotlist
when : occurs every monday effective 8 / 6 / 2001 until 7 / 29 / 2002 from 1 : 00 pm to 1 : 30 pm ( gmt - 06 : 00 ) central time ( us & canada ) .
where : louise ' s office
* ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ * ~ *
re : big pig
we ' ve signed ca and have sent a list of docs that are in data room . . . . . .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : wednesday , january 02 , 2002 8 : 14 am
to : kitchen , louise ; webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; beck , sally ; zipper , andy ; lavorato , john ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; buy , rick ; port , david ; hall , bob m
cc : golden , jeff ; muller , mark s . ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly
subject : re : big pig
handouts only .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : kitchen , louise
sent : monday , december 31 , 2001 12 : 08 pm
to : webb , jay ; rub , jenny ; beck , sally ; zipper , andy ; lavorato , john ; oxley , david ; bradford , william s . ; colwell , wes ; buy , rick ; port , david ; hall , bob m
cc : golden , jeff ; muller , mark s . ; lavorato , john ; schoppe , tammie ; hillis , kimberly
subject : big pig
on wednesday morning we will be commencing the due diligence process with another counterparty . andy zipper has agreed to lead their team through the process .
the schedule outline is based on initial overview discussions / presentations and then more detailed discussion can occur in individual groups the outline is as follows :
it may be better to split up earlier but i leave all those decisions to andy .
9 : 00 introduction john lavorato & louise kitchen
9 : 45 financial overview wes colwell
10 : 30 risk overview buy / port
11 : 00 credit bradford
11 : 30 back office beck / hall
12 : 30 systems ( enrononline ) jay webb lpm mid / back office systems jay webb
1 : 30 pm infrastructure jenny rub
2 : 00 pm hr oxley
please make yourselves available - the meetings will probably take place on 32 .
tammie - please organize lunch and refreshments etc .
assume big pig will bring 8 people .
thanks
louise
important message from office of the chairman
is available : through friday , oct . 27
is located at : survey . enron . com
you only have one more week to check your pulse . your input is crucial , so
please take a few minutes today to fill out enron ' s annual employee feedback
survey . it is confidential and only takes about 10 minutes . give us your
honest , candid feedback  ) we need to know what you think and how you feel
about your job and about enron .
it ' s important for you to know that we will respond actively to your
comments . we need your help not only to pinpoint and diagnose any existing
problems , but also to help us identify the best solutions . last year we
formed action teams to address the issues that you indicated in the survey ,
so let us know if they have helped make enron a better place to work .
again , please stop what you ' re doing for just a few minutes today and check
your pulse .
ferc orders westwide price controls - - first news out
urgent
washington ( ap ) federal regulators voted monday to order price
restraints on electricity sales across the west but not the
stringent cost - based controls sought by california .
the 5 - 0 vote by the federal energy regulatory commission
followed intense pressure not only from california gov . gray davis
and democrats newly in charge of the senate but also from house
republicans worried that spiraling power prices in the west could
affect the 2002 election .
ferc chairman curtis hebert said the order , effective through
september 2002 , will benefit consumers but also will ` ` provide
every incentive for suppliers to reduce costs . ' '
the order expands price restrictions the agency imposed in april
on wholesale electricity sales in california during peak demand
periods when blackouts were threatened .
sue mara
enron corp .
tel : ( 415 ) 782 - 7802
fax : ( 415 ) 782 - 7854
fw : project sugarcane
fyi . . . i did not notice your name on the list .
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : redmond , brian
sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 1 : 02 pm
to : mrha , jean ; miller , don ; slone , jeanie ; koehler , anne c . ; gray , barbara n . ; deffner , joseph ; coffey jr . , jim ; denetsosie , troy ; carter , carol ; douglas , stephen h . ; owen , david ; wilson , garry d . ; yanowski , tommy j . ; gorny , vladimir
subject : project sugarcane
importance : high
to all :
please let me know your availability to attend a kickoff meeting next thursday at 9 : 00 am for the sale of enron interest in bridgeline holdings ( project sugarcane ) . if another representative from your functional area will attend , please let me know and forward this email to him / her .
please keep information related to this project confidential with respect to both third parties and those currently working for bridgeline .
thank you ,
brian
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : mrha , jean
sent : friday , july 06 , 2001 11 : 21 am
to : kitchen , louise
cc : redmond , brian ; miller , don ; carter , carol
subject : bhlp
importance : high
please find attached the following items :
? memorandum outlining immediate tasks to prepare for the sale of ena ' s forty percent interest in the bridgeline holdings limited partnership with chevron / texaco .
? worksheet demarcating the composition of all investments associated with bridgeline . currently , capital investments associated with enron no . 1 have not been included with the rest of bridgeline investments . ena is contributing this strorage facility to satisfy our capital contribution as outlined in schedule 3 , volume i ( project hurricane ) .
? draft outline of initial strategy for " project sugarcane . " this outline authored by brian redmond identifies the following :
i . deal strategy
ii . potential structure and counter - parties
ii . pre - sale conditions
iv . proposed taskforce
in addition , brian and i met with don miller this past week and gave him an overview of the partnership , its inherent assets and deal history .
mrha
vance here is a list of meters that are in sitara under the well head
portfolio but are not on your sheets for this month . please check these out
as soon as possible so i can get the best number to daren asap . thanks tom .
acock engineering . 985547 # 229474 77
blackhawk oil 27 - 0 # 133255 670
black stone 989003 # 137868 664
conoco 984132 # 138103 144
dale operating co 985502 # 138342 37
dn hughes 980275 # 138800 70
elpaso 980308 # 139674
eog 27 - 0 # 126370
2027
980440
# 126351 444
four square 986735 # 137971 1147
lousis dreyfus 987491 # 138017 1000
muelller exploration 986838 # 164172 2800
ph exploration 986542 # 138554 47
prime energy 986542 # 138578 418
states inc . 23 - 3
# 138359 85
tejones 989643 # 133173 1068
titan resources 989685 # 248551 242
upstream 985155 # 138628 8000
valence operating 984132 # 138570 12
vintage 989643 # 139661
14
wagner oil 27 - 0 # 138033 900
western gulf 980106 # 139671 1068
wilmar pipline 985048 # 224899 163
total 21097
reviews
heather will be calling each of up to set up a time to discuss your review
for 2000 .
please bring with you two items that you plan on working on during the first
six months of 2001 .
these should be items that improve the process around your area or brings
additional
income to enron .
thanks
bob
locked storage @ the roosevelt
hi all !
we ' ve received several calls today regarding a locked storage door at the
roosevelt . we only have keys to the front lobby door & any condos that have
not closed escrow yet . if you have any troubles with common elements , keys ,
access codes etc . . . your property mgmt company is cmi . brad atchley is the
community mgr and can help you with these situations .
please call brad atchley with any questions or needs at 503 - 233 - 0300 x 215
vancouver # is 360 - 694 - 0300 and email is brada @ communitymgt . com
: - ) we hope you are enjoying your roosevelt condominium ! : - )
kirstin boettcher for jeff burghart p . c .
the hasson company realtors
transstatus 7568 withdrawn
reservation status has changed . details of the reservation are listed below :
assignment _ ref = 7568
seller _ code = tepc
seller _ duns = 006902704
customer _ code = epmi
customer _ duns = 848921276
affiliate _ flag = 0
path _ name = w / tep / cor 500 svl 345 / coronado - springerville
point _ of _ receipt = coronado 500
point _ of _ delivery = springer 345
source = srp
sink = epe
capacity = 0
capacity _ requested = 25
service _ increment = hourly
ts _ class = non - firm
ts _ type = point _ to _ point
ts _ period = on _ peak
ts _ window = fixed
ts _ subclass = trans
nerc _ curtailment _ priority = nerc priority 1
other _ curtailment _ priority = default
start _ time = 07 / 30 / 2001
stop _ time = 07 / 30 / 2001
ceiling _ price = 6 . 52
offer _ price = 3 . 00
bid _ price = 3 . 00
price _ units = $ / mwh
preconfirmed = yes
anc _ svc _ link = n / a
anc _ svc _ req = n / a
posting _ ref = 0
sale _ ref =
request _ ref =
deal _ ref =
negotiated _ price _ flag =
status = withdrawn
status _ notification = bill . williams . iii @ enron . com
status _ comments =
time _ queued = 07 / 30 / 2001
time _ of _ last _ update = 07 / 30 / 2001
primary _ provider _ comments =
seller _ comments =
customer _ comments = beginning he 14 ppt thru he 17 ppt
seller _ name = tepc
seller _ phone = ( 520 ) 745 - 7193
seller _ fax = ( 520 ) 571 - 4036
seller _ email = chrisd @ tucsonelectric . com
customer _ name = enron power marketing , inc .
customer _ phone = ( 713 ) 853 - 3801
customer _ fax = ( 713 ) 646 - 8272
customer _ email = bill . rust @ enron . com
reassigned _ ref = 0
reassigned _ capacity = 0
re : greetings from garp
frank ,
looks good .
vince
enron north america corp .
from : frank hayden @ enron 12 / 12 / 2000 11 : 31 am
to : vince j kaminski / hou / ect @ ect
cc :
subject : greetings from garp
vince , this is the announcement i ' m thinking about sending out . is there
anything else you would like to add ?
frank
greetings from garp ! we are having the next meeting january 30 th at enron .
time 6 : 30 pm until 8 : 30 pm
vince kaminski will lead a discussion regarding volatility in the energy
markets .
please rsvp to rita hennessy . her email address is rita . hennessy @ enron . com
accomplishments
these are my accomplishments for this year .
cleburne / tenaska iv outage
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mark mccoy / corp / enron on 10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 11
am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
mike mazowita
10 / 17 / 2000 11 : 07 am
to : mark mccoy / corp / enron @ enron
cc : ken . riesz @ naes . com
subject : cleburne / tenaska iv outage
mark ,
i understand that you need a note for your files regarding the tenaska plant .
on saturday , october 14 , 2000 at 5 : 14 am , the plant had a catastrophic
failure of the gas turbine . the entire plant is essentially shutdown until
these repairs can be made . this outage will last a minimum of 10 days . ken
riesz will keep you informed of our progress .
i hope this is what you need . let me know .
michael mazowita
re : enron weather research
good afternoon mike :
i certainly am interested in determining if there may be a potential fit
there at enron . i am very enthusiastic to apply my finance and meteorology
backgrounds in a market - based environment that is driven to achieve
unprecedented efficiencies . attached are two documents : 1 ) a
business - focused resume , and 2 ) an abbreviated meteorology cv .
graduate meteorology coursework included advanced atmospheric dynamics i and
ii , advanced physical meteorology , boundary layer modeling , numerical
modeling , research methods in meteorology , and turbulence .
i will look forward to hearing from you .
sincerely ,
greg hunt
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from :
to :
cc : ; ;
sent : friday , april 27 , 2001 9 : 12 am
subject : enron weather research
>
> greg ,
>
> hello , and by way of introduction , we were forwarded your e - mail address
by
> heather thorne .
>
> i understand you have an m . s . in meteorology as well as an m . b . a . in
> finance , and have done some research at livermore .
>
> i ' d be happy to learn more about your activities , and , if you are
> interested , to see if there may be a potential fit here at enron .
>
> can you e - mail your resume with a description of your coursework and
> research activities ?
>
> looking forward to hearing from you ,
>
> mike roberts
> vice president - research
>
- greg hunt _ resume _ 4 - 27 - 01 . doc
- greg hunt _ cv _ meteorology _ 4 - 27 - 01 . doc
start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 3 ;
start date : 12 / 20 / 01 ; hourahead hour : 3 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2001122003 . txt
passing of alberto gude jr ' s . father
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by sharron westbrook / corp / enron on
02 / 23 / 2000 11 : 11 am - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
enron technology
from : general announcement 02 / 23 / 2000 10 : 01 am
sent by : general announcement
to : all enron global technology
cc : sharron westbrook / corp / enron @ enron
subject : passing of alberto gude jr ' s . father
it is with sympathy that we announce the passing of alberto gude . jr ' s .
father , domingo alberto gude , sr . , on monday , february 21 st . visitation will
be 6 pm this evening and a service held at 7 pm , february 23 at the garden
oaks funeral home . 13430 bellaire blvd . ( between synott & eldridge ) .
in lieu of flowers , the family proposes memorial gifts be made to alzheimer ' s
association of greater houston , 6161 savoy street drive , suite 240 , houston ,
texas 77036 .
if you require additional information please contact beverly fabian at 3 - 1691 .
thank you ,
meeting with peoples energy corporation
i wanted to thank each of you for your time today . tom said to extend his thanks and apologize for his limited time . tom continues to be very enamored with our organization and a tremendous advertisement for enron ' s success with a significant gas customer .
thank you . . .
laura
confirmcorp info
see the comment below on williams ' confirmation site . sounds similar to what
we are proposing on cl . one question i ' m exploring right now is whether we
could save more money from an enron perspective and achieve greater
marketability with the model that confirmcorp proposes with automated
matching vs . the commodity logic / williams approach that depends on users
reviewing / approving confirms ( we ' ve simply put the current process online so
to speak ) . we need to push for a more radical change / improvement on a faster
timeline . i still believe confirms is the correct area to be focusing on ,
as i mentioned in our meeting with louise , but we need to seriously review
what we propose to deliver and how . is confirmcorp a viable company to bring
under the enron umbrella ?
i think we should be concerned that late entry with less functionality will
erode our ability to sign up customers . i don ' t think each large marketer
will want to log in to several sites to clear their confirmations with each
of their large counterparties .
can we find out if williams has further plans for their service that would
compete with commodity logic ?
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - forwarded by mary solmonson / hou / ect on 11 / 07 / 2000
03 : 08 pm - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
" chris papousek " on 11 / 07 / 2000 11 : 10 : 15 am
please respond to
to :
cc :
subject : confirmcorp info
dear ron :
i recently sent you information relating to confirmcorp via fedex . i trust
you have received it by now . if you have any questions , please do not
hesitant to call . i will follow up with you in one week .
regards ,
chris papousek
president , confirmation clearing corporation
( 713 ) 526 - 3000
ps williams energy just came out with " williams customerfirst " , a website
that contains all their confirmations . while eliminating faxes , this puts
the onus of verification on the counterparty and assumes there is a
confirmation staff on the other end to do the checkout . confirmcorp will
make even this advanced approach obsolete .
weekend activity dated : june 2 thru june 4 th
revision # 1
friday night - - 6 : 45 pm :
sherry fontenot ( w / texaco ) called stating tank batteries 5 debbie valenzuela called concerning some channel changes
matter was resolved around 8 : 30 am
shawn { in gas control } also mention equistar had pull gas at their
pt . arthur plant / mtr . # 1062 , approx . gas flow of 6 . 0 mm for the weekend .
i will inform janice burke davis { w / equistar } of there weekend
activity . she did not nominate this point for june business .
9 : 30 am : / 6 : 00 pm cindy golly called with a cut at texoma { mtr . 71 } of
4 , 886 - mm for saturday . meter total should be 79 , 059 mm on k # : hpl 216
1 : 40 pm : karen zinn ( w / louis dryfus ) called with a cut on oasismidcon
totaling 31 , 595 . oasis & midcon ( down stream p / line ) were notified .
note : paul mcpheeters @ oasis meter total = 70 , 945
1 : 00 pm daren called to inform me of an additional 20 . 0 mm cut at texoma .
k # hpl 215 .
cindy reconfirm the point as 50 , 945 - mm for gas day sunday , june 4 th .
the 20 . 0 cut at texoma { mtr . 71 } was moved to pgev / midtexas dewvill
( 980388 ) .
pleas check meters : 6780 , 71 , 68 for weekend scheduling changes . k # :
012 - 35985 - 201
re : clustering for power
tanya ,
as we discussed in the last meeting , to simulate secondary power curve we need correlated jump sizes . this is totally different from the current secondary price curve simulation which assume the perfect correlation and also totally different from the secondary gas basis curve simulation which is based on the hedging ratio .
there are two more issues on my side i need to resolve :
1 . i want resolve the power basis curve issue . currently all power position on these basis curve are actually price positions . we are hard coding this : if power basis we add basis to corresponding region curve . i am trying to remove this hard coding by asking loading the price curve for all these basis locations .
2 . same is true for all those power f curves . these curves looks similar to those basis curves . currently we just directly map these f curves to the corresponding region curves . i would also prefer to load the price curves instead of the price differences .
from research , i need those jump size correlations .
clearly , all these involve many new development , unless we want to use simpler way to simulate secondary power curves .
regards ,
winston
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : tamarchenko , tanya
sent : monday , april 16 , 2001 9 : 17 am
to : lew , jaesoo
cc : gorny , vladimir ; jia , winston ; kaminski , vince
subject : re : clustering for power
jaesoo ,
as we discussed last week on wednesday meeting can you , please ,
implement clustering for power curves by geographical region . this involves the following :
1 . deciding together with risk control how many geographical regions we want to use
and which enron ' s curves belong to each region .
2 . deciding together with risk control how to choose core curves for each region . this decision can
be maid based on the a ) position size ; b ) statistical analysis . there might be other considerations .
3 . doing regression analysis for each curve versus the corresponding core curve .
winston ,
can is it possible to run var for the clustering results obtained by jaesoo with clustering done by sas ?
should we wait for the stage re - fresh and what is the status on this ?
tanya .
new curve setup form
please see attached memo and " new curve setup form " template .
also , please forward to all book administrators .
thanks ,
mike
fw : business cards for newco employees
what do you think ?
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : shah , kal
sent : thursday , january 03 , 2002 11 : 16 am
to : schoppe , tammie
subject : business cards for newco employees
tammie - - happy new year . i am preparing a plan for designing / printing collateral materials ( stationary , envelopes , etc . ) for newco since we will need to do a big mailing announcing the new trading web site .
it occured to me that newco employees will want new business cards as well . is the buyer going to handle printing business cards for us ? if not , i can help mock up some designs and talk to some printers about getting them printed quickly . my thought was that we send out an e - mail to employees ( around jan 14 th ) with an order form where employees can put in their business card info . and submit to me . our group can collect all the orders and hire a printer to do one mass business card print run . this will save money and create a consistent look for business cards . when you can , pls . let me know what you think .
thanks
kal
karthik rajan - interview schedule
attached you will find the interview packet for the above - referenced person .
the interview will happen friday , march 30 , 2001 . please print all three
documents for your hard copies . if you have any questions , or conflicts of
schedule , please do not hesitate to contact me .
sasha divelbiss
58714
start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ;
start date : 2 / 2 / 02 ; hourahead hour : 4 ; no ancillary schedules awarded . no variances detected .
log messages :
parsing file - - > > o : \ portland \ westdesk \ california scheduling \ iso final schedules \ 2002020204 . txt
philippe ideas # 1
anything to do with topo gigio ( a well known french clown )
a black and white striped t - shirt and matching beret
air hockey table
anything in red leather
a silver plaque with the words " i had nothing to do with enrononline " engraved on it
a life size cardboard image of himself ( to go with the michael jordan )
a life sized cardboard image of anybody he thinks he looks like
an ornately bound englishfrench dictionary
. . . more coming . . .
fw : alstom executive
louise -
we ' ve negotiated an mou with alstom that has helped us fix the purchase price for cfb based power plants . it does not commit us to spend any money today ; it ' s really just a strong guideline for what the epc will look like .
having said that , alstom considers it a big deal , and they are flying in some heavies from paris for the signing ceremony . the guy below is the lead person from paris . additionally , fritz gautschi , alstom ' s country president will be coming .
bottom line : it ' s tentatively scheduled for the morning of 17 october here in houston . if you and dave are available , i ' ll coordinate . you won ' t need to sign , just provide some presence . there ' s still some flexibility if that day doesn ' t work for you .
thanks ,
mitch
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : golden , bruce
sent : monday , october 08 , 2001 4 : 12 pm
to : robinson , mitch
subject : alstom executive
nick salmon - executive vice president - member of alstom executive committee
nick salmon joined gec in 1988 after a number of years in china light and power company . from general manager of the power station projects division , he moved on to deputy managing director of the power plants activity in 1989 following the merger of gec and alsthom , then deputy managing director of the gas turbine and diesels activity .
in 1993 he was appointed chief executive of babcock international plc returning to alstom as president of the energy sector in 1997 .
he became executive vice president abb alstom power upon the creation of the company in 1998 . he was appointed executive vice president alstom power in may 2000 , following the acquisition by alstom of abb ' s 50 % share in abb alstom power .
he is a member of alstom ' s executive committee .
request submitted : access request for anabella . desouza @ enron . com
you have received this email because you are listed as a security approver .
please click
approval to review and act upon this request .
request id : 000000000009842
request create date : 12 / 11 / 00 11 : 44 : 19 am
requested for : anabella . desouza @ enron . com
resource name : eol us backoffice stack manager
resource type : applications
total transfer capabilities
attached are the total transfer capabilities ( ttc ' s ) for july 4 , 2001 .
>
the attached outage information is reliable at time of posting . the
attached outage information is subject to change without notice .
myrna neeley
administrative assistant
outage coordination & transmission maintenance
california independent system operator
voice : 916 - 351 - 2171
fax : 916 - 351 - 2367
e - mail mneeley @ caiso . com
- ttc 07 - 04 - 01 . pdf
